[00:00:00] Like, sick. Test, test. Omen of lights. Okay, we got it. It's only... Right? Alright, let's see. This is what we want to do. We don't have an... It's expensive. Boom, boom. Remove only that's current modifiers. Yep, boom. Okay, perfect. And we want to get... Final Orb. Stance. Boot.
[00:01:27] Moon speed, perfect. Yeah. How much was it for? Okay, exalts. Oh, no. With a new guaranteed modifier. I mean, guarantees block on a shield. That's kind of cool. Anyways, this, this, and then we hope it doesn't remove armor applies deadly. Yes. I should get rid of the one I want to get rid of, too. I mean, regen's not great, but not terrible. These are some pretty good boots now. Okay, Abyss. We got this one, and we want to buy one Echo.
[00:02:20] okay how much is uh rip four divines what no stock if there are any takers and this thing random weapon over jewelry it's a lot of armor that's honestly not a terrible amount of armor dude i guess we just apply it i know for the best i keep pressing and pressing that but i can't do anything with it just want res of those
[00:04:29] Fire and Chaos, that's what we want. Strength is nice, but... Boom. Okay, so what we're looking at now. I'm not really sure what's best. These boots are like gods here now. These are like invaluable boots. Damn low world on the Fire and Chaos, but basically we have Chaos here. And we have two extra sockets. That's kind of cool. Do we convert this Fire and Chaos into Lightning?
[00:07:01] i think we do it's registered as well five covers as well as well big and then we can get rid of this and we don't need chaos fries holy okay that means we can run a couple new supports here of course my armor at as well 100 and we got 62 applies to la baby this would be a nice prism guard i don't know is that a good
[00:08:32] There's a bit of HP though. We can get a boots. Nope. Perf 15 spirit. Nah, you would need like 600 spirit. Got to get the cap there. Mana efficiency, that's not a kill. It's not bad, but I already get guard. Moon speed, I think it's just good. I think there's nothing wrong with just getting more moon speed. Group effects. Total power countered by war cries. Hmm.
[00:09:57] That could be really good, actually. Maybe that's just better. Damn, I could actually get Onslaught doing this, huh? I'm pretty sure this thing is way too expensive. Wow, it's that expensive? Holy shit. Okay, it's not. That's Exalts. I guess that's cheap. Jesus. Maximum Rage. That's genuinely not bad. Max Rage. 4% more damage. Eh.
[00:11:38] Area is good. Cost efficiency is also good. Do I need that? I don't think I need that. My glove. Face damage attacks. It's not. No. No. Castor with a magnitude. Glory gem. Hit. Ooh, Katagans. Ooh, that could be worth it. Is Katagans worth it? I think Katagans is worth it. Yeah. Fuck it. Let's go Katagans.
[00:13:58] Your warrior. I would recommend Balrog. It depends on what kind of playstyle you want. But I would recommend Balrog. But I got this build that I'm playing now. And I have the Concussed Titan. So I do recommend you just look at what I have. Otherwise, if you want to do another warrior build, you have the Mortars. Which is also Warbringer. The problem with Mortars is that...
[00:14:32] Well the mortar is super good super cheap like you'll clear all content no problem, but it will burn your retinas I Can link that bill as well if you want but if you want to go through my builds you can do you got this? Oh, I'll get the mortars And the mortar builds for that other guy Oh No Did I just overpay
[00:15:50] There's no way I overpaid for catigans. Yeah, I hope you find something that you enjoy. It seems interesting. The old good. All the builds. Need a bit more. Oh, we need another duel. 4-speed armor is good. Library gen armor. I want armor, though. Poor armor. I think we're wrong with armor. I think this is a lot of library gen.
[00:17:51] Yeah, 10% is actually not that bad either. 1% is 30. Alright, we're ready. Let's do some maps. Oh, not that one. We can hit the alks we have. That's pretty weird.
[00:20:09] Holy shit, look at that. 40k armor. Pretty good, pretty good. Crazy, even 40k armor and fly to LA, it still doesn't reduce all of it. Made more life, crit production. Tanky guy. Yeah, there's several people in my Discord playing the build right now and they're enjoying it, so I'm sure you'll have a good time too. And of course, feel free to join the Discord if there's something you don't understand. There's a couple of puzzle pieces that makes the build work, so.
[00:22:21] Might not be apparent right away. Just, you know, read the guide and stuff. Which is a little gem. Go start going this way. He was going to blast. I don't know if that makes it work or not, but if it does, crazy. And boom, big damage. My life doesn't change as much as well. Nice to do damage. That makes it change, right? I'll see that.
[00:32:06] That rare modifier just scares me the most. Little 19 uncut spirit gem. I wonder if it's worth more. Jewelers is pretty good. This guy's taking no damage. Totems just don't attack sometimes. I don't think he's done. There we go. What character is this? This is... Caduce Shattered Heart. No. This is Warbringer Totems. Warcries. This is not going towards the boss. Hey, Chris.
[00:36:09] The boss must be this way. Damn, delirium still makes things pretty tanky. I think I can do 200% delirium. Comfortably. Do those. Ooh, the vines. Two. Five. Step right away. No worries, Chris. I mean, I added my character. I basically just imported my character. I don't know. How far are you in the build right now, Chris? Because I... There's definitely... I could explain a lot more. I could definitely explain a lot more. But you got, like, the bare minimum. I guess.
[00:39:36] okay you got two crux of nothings there do you want to do that right now let me just keep blasting the leveling section is like like before
[00:39:56] The leveling section is like before the starter variant is not too great. It's good enough, I think, but I believe I did different things with that point. I actually played. You're on interludes? All right. Then I think you're basically past the point where it's fine. Now you can, once you're on interludes, you can, once you get 52, is it? You can equip the potums. It just packs, packs. You can't redo it just yet.
[00:42:57] You have two kids? Jeez. Grown-up life. Well, I say that as a grown-up without any kids' response or anything. A bit low responsibilities, I'll be honest. And yet, I still feel like I have low time to play. Fair, fair. As a spectacle, good to spend quality time with your kids. But of course, you just gotta spend quality time for yourself. I think is what they say.
[00:45:49] A useful trade. Have an order. Evasive armor tends to poison less effects curses. That's fine. Maybe they rush the boss, but it's like burial bug. Uh-oh. That sounds good, actually. Did everyone get to do the expedition? No, I did the expedition. That sounds good. I mean, why? Honestly, I'm not even going to comment because I wouldn't know. I wouldn't know. Of course, you know, you need to spend time with her as well. At least you're not going to ditch your family for...
[00:48:31] World of Warcraft, right? The new World of Warcraft forever. That's not worth anything? I wish this was not Wanderstaff. It was just weapon. There's no reason why it should be. Ah, okay, safters. It's unique, so it's fine. Penny. I already checked that. We got the same vase. I shouldn't be doing max LA. Still something. Life moving? Uh-oh.
[00:55:35] Axe Rides, man. Shit sketchy. Oh, the fancy chests are paying off. Well, I could get Omens, in which case. Yeah. Probably the Omens. I'm actually taking damage. Oh. Am I being damaged when I don't have a shield up?
[00:59:55] Am I being damaged when I don't have shield up? Possible. Enter battle ruins. Do I not have any more? Alright. Have a good one, Chris. Appreciate you tuning in. No need. I followed your first version of the Corrupted Cry Totem Warbringer. Hands down, most fun I've had as a warrior. I'm glad to hear that. It was a while ago. I can imagine back in 0.1, you know, the game was quite a bit different. And the Warcry playstyle back then was...
[01:01:42] Not fun. I mean, this is basically the continuation of that build, but it's not as Warcry... I mean, it's definitely... Well, you are using Warcries, that's for sure. Honda's a lot more difficult now. If you want to go full-on Warcries, you can't have to go full-on Warcries. It's kind of difficult to do on Warbringer. It's not possible. You can technically do it. But totems, on the other hand, totems are still pretty good now.
[01:03:29] I mean, honestly, Warcraft just feels so much better too now. I think you can use it once. Go full speed. Just keeps echoing. Oh, the infinite? Yeah. Yeah. The funny thing is, like, even the infinite totems didn't work in the same league that I made that build. Okay, so you played in 0.3? I think I made it that build. That was the Power Fantasy of that build was awesome. I loved it. It was such a cool gimmick. It was a gimmick, honestly. Like, the totems got to a point where they...
[01:04:05] Probably being more annoying than actually doing damage. But they did the trick. Yeah, they killed Hate Forge, so it's just... Well, it's 10 cap. They added the 10 cap. Then they removed H-Forge from the game. And the build died. That version, anyway. But alas, all good things can last forever. The reason I keep making builds. Because the ones I make can't be played forever.
[01:05:18] Do I speak Norwegian? Yes, I speak Norwegian. When I stream the most, it's English for most people. I speak English. I live in Norge. I think, what build?
[01:07:47] Is it Corrupting Wings? That's what you're talking about. Fortify and Cry, exactly. The main point for more damage is levels. The more levels you can get on Fortify and Cry, it's better. It's difficult to see what you can build, what item you need, without seeing your character. You have 41. Okay, well. Now you have the Megalomania, which gives you...
[01:08:25] This one. This one. Incision? No, sorry. Thousand Cuts. Do you have it? Do you have it? Do you play with others? Are you in a game with someone? Are you alone? Okay, so you've done everything you've tried to min-max. The best thing you can do here, yeah. I don't know if I'm hardcore now, so I'm not sure.
[01:09:21] Oh yeah, you... Interesting. Okay, wow. Huh. Yeah. Okay, let's do it. Oh, what the fuck. Okay, yeah, well. Kjenner du til disse to nye Soul Cores? 1 year plus 1. Du har jo level 40, da, så det var ikke så mye å si. Men. Du har level 40. Ja, sant, du har... Ja, sant.
[01:09:58] You could have gotten better gloves, but I don't have so much to say. English. What you could have done. Instead of... Yeah, do you want to get a whole new Absinthe Unlimited? Is it the best thing you might have done? Yes. Spirit is the best, actually. You also have elemental resistance on this. Here is one thing you could have done. It's a bit... Can you change this?
[01:10:34] Millilevels is suffix. No, I can't do that. But one thing you can do is you can get one extra level, for example on Soul Corn, right? And then you can switch to Attack Modifiers. I can't show you what I mean. Quality. You can switch from Quality on Attack Modifiers to Fizz Modifiers. And then it affects Anemia.
[01:11:08] And then you get anemia from plus 3 to plus 4, so that's 10% more damage. So long you can get an extra level in the place, so it works. Technically, I could have put this in the guide, but the problem is that I can't put the soul cores in the weapon. I don't have Mobilityx yet. But yeah, so that could be done. Then you get plus 4 corrupted blood stacks, and then plus 3.
[01:11:40] You can do it for plus 6, but the amylet is almost impossible to make. So that's 100% what you can do. Otherwise, you have so much fun with gear. This is pretty good, right? I think it's so much better. KG fees, yes. Have you seen how to make... Let me show you.
[01:12:26] That took not so long time. So I put it there too. Modifiers. What do you have here? Crease the fake, crease the fake, crease the fake. Okay, yeah, that's right. No, you have... Six items, you have almost perfect jewels. Sanked. Oh, have you... See here. Yeah, okay. Have you not set more two points to work with this? So I'll show you. You have to take a set more set points, right?
[01:13:19] You could have taken these here. No. Yeah, these here. You'll get a little more damage out of shock. Shock effect if you take these three. Or have you tried to use... For example, I'm a little unsure of how this is... Set 1. No, it's both sets instead of just set 1. Is there any reason it goes out here? You can also use the move speed. Okay, right. You have 100% if you...
[01:14:15] Yeah, if you have enough damage to that you don't care about Leaps or anything. But you have extra points, right? You just use them. Or no, see here. So you have these... You don't have Guttural War? Why didn't you have that? It's one of the best Warcry notes. I understand what you mean.
[01:14:59] I would like to put it. So if you want, I would like to deliver it on a gem. Oh yeah, okay. Deathling cries. Is it possible? Is it a thing? Oh yeah, you have got your roar there, yeah. Hmm, yeah, you miss a little damage out of this. Deathling cries. It gives you 8% each time you've roar cried recently. It's easy to say, um... Yeah, okay, it doesn't do much damage there, like.
[01:15:39] 24%? Eh, not anything. But ok, great enough. Let's try my max socket. I had to do it, you know, to not take these here. Interesting. Did you not ask about these? No. Moon speed. If you have enough dodge distance, you might not say much about how much moon speed you have. But moon speed does not dodge. I don't know, but I don't understand.
[01:16:40] Okay, so you... Okay, you understand what you're doing, I think. You're like... You're like... You're like... You're like... You're like... You're like... You're like... You're like... You're like... You're like... You're like... You're like... You're like... You're like... You're like... You're like... You're like... You're like... You're like... You're like...
[01:17:20] I have not seen that there is a support gem that you can use here. That actually gives damage. I think with Pax Pax. Without Rage Forged. But Rage Forged is almost impossible to have Rage for it. And you find that it is with Richard's Blood Boil. What I find is that when you close something, you build up Blood Boil. And what it does is that...
[01:17:59] It's on the same way as Pearl of Blood. It explodes, but instead of doing Fizz damage, it's just Corrupted Blood on it around it. And that means it doesn't do anything. It's not a joke. It's maybe a joke if a percent...
[01:18:22] Damage of a Corrupted Blood is much stronger than a Blood Boil than it is from your own Corrupted Cry. But I think that almost everything will happen. You can't go over 10 stacks or 13 stacks with anemia. So even if it explodes, I don't update your Corrupted Blood to do anything more if they already have Corrupted Blood.
[01:18:53] It's tough, but I don't think it works well with this Technic Set, if you take another... Advanced Stormer Torch is just so good, right? You dodge roller through half the screen, right? It's very difficult to put it out, no matter what. Technic Set could have more damage on the other class, or ascendancy.
[01:19:25] I don't think it's worth it. I would like to show you. Yes, that's a thought. What I've said to some of the others is that you can actually take off Heart of Blood. Heart of Blood doesn't actually do much. If someone dies...
[01:19:55] It does not do much damage. If someone dies of the blood, they will die of the blood. The blood does not do much damage. It does 13% physical damage. But otherwise, it's just a bonus. It just looks cool. Of course it looks pretty tough. Arctic armor gives you a lot of armor. But if you feel that you're thinking enough, you can just try it.
[01:20:28] If you can min-max gear enough to get better gloves or something like resistance, you can also use Spirit for Absent Aluminate instead of Global Armour, Evasion and Energy Shield. Technically, you can just take this one. If you'd like to try to use Nine Midas, you'd like to use it. If you'd like to use Spirit on Amulet, you'd like to use it here.
[01:21:03] No, that's what you have now is actually the best way to get if you want to have a plus 4 If you want to have a plus 4 and you have 2 resistances, that's already very good Plus you have understood that you have enough chaos res to just replace it with resistance Just think that you can actually... Oh no, this is soul course, you can just use soul course
[01:21:34] You can also get Six Socket Ghost March. It can be quite expensive. It's impossible. But it gives you a bit more tank, right? For the idea of Fortify and Cry power. You can't, you can't, you can't. No, you have, you have, you have, you have, you have, you have, you have, you have, you have, you have, you have, you have, you have, you have, you have, you have, you have, you have, you have, you have, you have, you have, you have, you have, you have, you have, you have, you have, you have, you have, you have, you have, you have, you have, you have, you have, you have, you have, you have, you have, you have, you have, you have, you have, you have, you have, you have, you have, you have, you have, you have, you have, you have, you have, you have, you have, you
[01:22:11] The problem with damage over time is that you can scale it in two ways. Levels and increased damage. Most of the other builds have crit, or multiplier, but they don't have it. It means that regardless of how much currency you can use, you won't get any other builds.
[01:22:41] But that's the one thing I wanted to show you. Crimson Jewels. You can have Global Fizz, right? Crimson, isn't that right? I don't know how much you can see Warcry here. Oh yeah, I gave a fail. That's right. They booted to Pv2, right? It's a fail. Have you seen how you can make five stat jewels? Five affixes. What is it with this website?
[01:24:27] You can use desecrated modifiers. If you can make a 5-stat duel, you have 3 prefixes. You have global fizz. Warcry.
[01:25:59] This is the best thing you can do. You can use 3 prefix Ruby.
[01:26:49] With the bug, it's not so much to say about what you have on the suffix. You don't need to use the bug. It's not a bug, but they haven't updated yet. So let's fix it. Maybe it's just how it should be. You can follow a video on how to do it. You also have the prefix. You have the effect of prefixes, right? And three prefixes. Man, that's great.
[01:27:21] Of course it will cost so sick, but I think you understand how to use it. So that's the best thing I can help you with. Good luck. If you are with Ultra Min Max. It's pretty exciting. I think I will have your ninja open. Just to see how much you can use it on Min Max. It's crazy what you have already. I'm very impressed. Of course you can get better voices, but...
[01:27:57] I've never had so much currency that I can buy something, it was crazy. I feel like it's not a wits, but people like it, so that's my max. If you can kill all the pinnacles, do the most content, I don't think so much more. I tried it yesterday, okay. One thing I would say is that Bear's Anguish is worse than just a Dowsing Charm. I would say just a Dowsing Charm, actually. Bear's Anguish is not good.
[01:28:34] If you use Dazing Charm with duration, less charges and so on You can also use, well I don't know how many mana you need, but I think you can use the unique mana flask
[01:29:20] Oh yeah, okay, interesting. Yeah, okay, I understand. Was it for the beginning of the mana year? The flying stuff in Expedition? Yeah, that's right. Yep, yep. No, it's smart.
[01:30:00] Okay, I don't know. This is both in our game. Question about the corruption wing, but you have two casts on dodge, one from Anna, one from Spirit Jet. When do I... When I do that, only one cast on dodge works. How do you get both to work? Both should always work, Pimp Nug. Do you not have two in the top left here? When I do that, only one cast on dodge works. How do I get both to work? Both should work? You need to make sure to...
[01:30:30] Put stuff in your castle and dodge. Your second castle and dodge should appear here, right? Only the amulet works. Ah, okay. So if only the amulet works, that's probably... Do you have the... I mean, you must have it, right? But I assume you have... Wait, can I show this on screen? Yeah. Do you have this? Adaptive capability?
[01:31:05] Because you need adaptive capability to ignore requirements. Okay, you do have that. Do you have a skill inside it? Do you have a skill inside Castle Dodge? In both of them? I don't think what else could be wrong, though. It might just be a bug. You have a required spirit, yeah. You sure? Yeah, you have the required spirit. Damn. Oh, no. Okay, so the solution, just try this. So just go into your... Get an uncut spirit gem, make a new one.
[01:32:04] Take the one you have. Create a new one. Right? Castle Dodge. Who has Castle Dodge? Sky Monk. Make another Castle Dodge. Add the quality to it. Add the sockets to it. And then socket that in instead of the other one you have now. See if that works. Honestly, that has fixed problems in the past. Just randomly Spirit Gems just decide to just break. And it won't work.
[01:32:45] So, hopefully that solves it. Sounds like it's a spirit issue, but I don't know. Sometimes it is just that. It just straight up breaks. Ooh, I have six Omen of Resurgence. That means I procced. Wow. Does it take that much damage? I feel like I should be invincible right now, but I'm still a life build, I guess. Oh, wait, is this a max res map? Oh, it's a penetrate map and extra chaos. I wish there was a way, like...
[01:34:54] the rituals. I wish there was something that indicated where the other beacons are. What is this? Oh no, we did sample. That was it. Let's see how many there are in the map. Break armor is kind of bad, but it's fine. Oh, well, they're gonna be tanky as fuck. That's it. That's the only one. Just one. I'll attack it.
[01:40:58] Honestly, I don't want to touch that. Make everything slower. Her again. Problem. Recover to 450. Life build only. Where is this? Is it over here? It is actually here. I need that light radius. Light radius meta. Back in 2.3 or 2.4. Something else. I assume that worked. Intnug. Is that anything?
[01:46:39] all right so now we can just go straight into ruins here and see what happens it's not gonna have numbers has taken a beating nameless i don't want the wisp guardian pets it glows like the beacons outside this is where it all they're alive something exciting is gonna happen isn't it what do we actually want to do here we want to go straight right because we want to get rid of this go straight
[01:48:23] Wait, don't I need to do this in a map to like get a high level zone? We got a high level zone. Level 65 right now, but let's see. This is so cool. This time I'm going into like an Indiana Jones movie. If only, if only she was actually a difficult boss. Ah, what a man can dream. It's level 80 zone. Okay, so that's correct.
[01:49:58] Oh, yeah, it worked? Damn. Yeah, okay. Solidifies that as a bug fix, I guess, or as a solution. Six days and you can figure it out. Damn. Yeah, that's a pretty niche fix, I'll be honest. I mean, it makes sense. You know, you wouldn't... That's like the last thing you'd suspect, is that the skill gem itself is straight up bugged. I'm pretty sure I learned that from someone else as well. Or read about it at some point.
[01:52:07] i'm glad to hear that i love people and myself i think it's a very satisfying build to play doesn't have that scaling that you would want from like everything but can't do everything i guess what does this one do oh that's nice okay that'll help wait i can't go that way oh this is a different
[01:53:31] Still more mobs in here. I would love more Corrupting Cry DPS in this build. There's a couple ways I can get it. Doubling up to level 20 gem. Getting a double socket Shrine Scepter. Close tempo. Ooh, Surgical Ward. Oh, does this combo? No, it doesn't. An official chamber combos with Corruption Chamber.
[01:54:40] Which combos with Thaumaturge. What? I got another sacrifice? How? How did I get another sacrifice? How's that even possible? I didn't know that was possible. Wow. How did I not get... Wait, I didn't get Corruption Tier 2. Oh, no. Do I need the... High Freeze is a unique mob. I'm going to love the Kopech Orb there. How does that work in this map? In Hardcore. Wow, 1.7 div?
[01:56:58] That's... Ooh, commander. That's big. That's big. Oh, wait. What is this? Oh, I get one of these ones as well. Cultivation. Oh, big. 2.5. Nice. I should be farming this. Oh, no. The gorilla. Okay, does that go through walls? I'm pretty sure I have enough, like, armor to, like, mitigate most of this hit. I did the tank a slam earlier. Okay, so I want to not do anything else, I think. I don't want to go and do the chamber.
[01:59:36] Increase a tier of a room. Oh, shit. That's... I need that. I need that. That temple's gone good. Can you only do them once? What is that?
[01:59:56] Can you only do them once? What is that? That's bullshit. Okay, we can do Alter Sacrifice there. Okay, we have a Synth. Oh, that applies to Flesh Reaver, though. What about Golem? It's worth more. How much was this worth? 2.5. Architect Orb. What does a double Corrupt do? Corruption Chamber. It gives you the Architect Orb. Oh, okay, so this is actually better. We're gonna kill Ziri, and this one is...
[02:01:33] By the way, Generate Soul Corp Wailing should give an extra level to the skill gem. Yes, it does. But obviously, if you're at level 40, pack's packed already, then getting plus one won't do anymore. But yes, I added those into the guide, Pipnug. Sort of. I can't add them to the weapon because of how Mobilytics doesn't have it yet. But I added at the top of the guide, I mentioned them, and I also mentioned the...
[02:02:15] let's go to this guy yeah but i highly recommend i recommend if you can get sword spirit somewhere else or just don't use herald of blood or cross armor or whatever ice armor and that's super good that's big money big money 40 is max so that the 41 is only if the the only reason is 541 is corruption if you corrupt fortifying cry for plus one it does not apply to pax pact
[02:03:09] If you look here, for example, you see... This has a skill jump. This is level 25. This is level 25. But if I were to corrupt Fortifying for plus 1, this would still be level 25. So you've got to make sure to check and hold alt on this skill. Not Fortifying, you've got to check on this skill. That has to be level 40. I should really stagger my Seismic. Technically, it's less... It's increased, but it feels smoother.
[02:04:56] that feels like more damage too i don't know if i have to do anything more there we go it's your first pinnacle well not yeah it's actually our first pinnacle boss if we kill her back this music is still the best in the game i do think honestly it's the most evocative i should here we go where are you guys if you're under 18. expected it of you my most loyal pet may have studied it doriani but you do not know it like i do
[02:07:46] Pretty good damage, pretty good damage. Ooh, dodge rolled. Easy, clap, that's how it's done. All right, loot time. I completed one of the quests, yes.
[02:09:34] The boss is down. I have to digest. That's all I got. That's a bit better. The quiver says that's it. This is good though. I actually got quite a bit of rewards. I won't complain. Damn, doing it's serious. Worth. I'm pretty sure this is worth nothing. This is actually worth something? Wow. Huh? Okay. Well, I guess I shouldn't complain. Why?
[02:10:59] Is it deflection rating? This is like the worst one possible. Let's step next. Yes. Damn, I got four cultivation orbs. Holy shit. Wow, it's four for one. Okay. So, if I want to do... I can do four. Or 11. 15.
[02:12:14] okay so that's gonna hopefully bring me some bank your order is registered how much is the 160 250. oh this is kind of are the totems only there for single targets uh yes and no you can use totems just to clear now honestly i i'm using it for clear because i on soft core i you know
[02:14:23] Want to be careful and having a totem out is much safer than not having a totem out. So I do kind of use them for clear. I mean, I can kind of show you. One last map for the road. I need to go over here anyway. I don't know, I took a lot of damage there. That's just me doing damage to myself. You can kind of use it to clear, right? Because you can explode corpses. They're different ways to play, I guess. I could just walk around like this. Or I could put down a totem and occasionally use...
[02:15:41] Seismic. Oh shit, we're ruined. No problem. It's honestly a similar playstyle to Hakan it was before. You can 100% scale Croft and Cry to the point where it can do most of the clearing if you want. I haven't done that in this version anyway. Get more damage out of the totems. What's going on? I mean, it's 4.4 million? Why does it have so much HP? More monster life. Still low. Do I skip the Croft and Cry and just scale totems instead?
[02:18:16] The difference now is that I don't know if you're aware of how Corrupting Cry works now, but it's based on melee levels and stuff. So I'm giving up nothing. I'm kind of giving up nothing. I'm scaling totems as much as I... Hardcore, so I'm not scaling my totems that hard. None of my jewels are giving me any damage.
[02:18:40] people like if you go crit and stuff yeah but the totems like the war cry is just an it's just an extra button pretty much that's all it is it's just an extra button i'm like losing nothing by going it because i want all the work like all the war cry stuff i have on set one i want to set one anyway right because of seismic cry right because you need seismic cry too
[02:19:01] explode earth shatters which is what my totems are putting down you can if you want you just use sunder instead and have the totems do everything but i kind of like that combo and the main reason i'm using that combo is because of this halding beast what requires inflict three critical weakness on enemies
[02:19:19] And this means that I give basically 10% base crit to my... It's like giving my another weapon worth of crit to my totems, which is insanely powerful, right? I also give my totems damage via Deafening Cries because I work on recently. You know, I explode corpses, all that kind of stuff, right? Debilitate. The Fortifying Cry is just to help with, you know, clearing like stragglers and stuff, killing white mobs and giving you a shield.
[02:19:52] I just have to press it. You don't have to press the button, right? It doesn't really change too much, but I'm pressing it because I can.
[02:19:55] button right it doesn't really change too much but I'm pressing it because I can't even go all-in on totems you would just I guess focus more on jewels and that's about it you know otherwise you're not really losing anything you should use shockwave totems I guess but I think that's overkill won't really be very smooth and also like the fortifying cry also explodes any spikes that your totems put down that it isn't in your seismic cry area
[02:21:35] Because we're not scaling strength anymore. There's no there's no strength scaling, so we're not really giving up much It's just melee levels and melee levels are already quite good. Just for scaling totems anyway Alright, but that's gonna have to be me for today. Hit the hay.
[02:23:27] Oh my god, okay, the website's breaking. Alright, I'll see you guys tomorrow probably. After that though, it's gonna be, I don't know, I'm not sure. It might have to be a bit after for the Warcraft. Let's see. Maybe I stream that too? Probably not. Probably not. I think I'll just stick to stream PoE. Alright, bye bye.
