[00:00:57] Let me in. I don't think the queue's gonna be there. Test, test, test. How do I do that? What we can do now... Get... Filter maybe ready? Oh, I don't have a link for... I'm gonna play. It's one of those things where I'm not... This is hardcore. I guess I might as well link to my old build. Yo, Ito. Welcome in. Welcome in. Ito, how do I still have subscribers? I have eight subscribers still. How's that... What? I don't think I've streamed for like three months.
[00:02:24] Die hard fans about you're one of them. Oh, I know, you know, I check that guy check yourself Yeah, I guess it's all ourselves. Yeah, how do we update? And up my you know, I'll update my And I'll add in war bringer It's not technically a new build be temple For me but yes, yes more like a rehash or
[00:03:49] hmm a rework i guess maybe that's more of a right word reforged there is a pub yes uh let me see it but oh awesome i would love to hear that eleanor glad you're enjoying it there's been a bit of concern with the balrog build because of you know how it got changed a tiny bit in 3.5 but
[00:04:21] I did some testing and like, it's still a good build. People still seem to do just fine. It's perfect for league start. It's just so cheap. It can't, it's hard to scale like super high end, but you know, it's, no, it didn't get nerfed in 0. No, it didn't get nerfed. You've already, the version you were playing has not been nerfed. No. When I first made it in 0.4 and then over to 0.5.
[00:04:47] they made it so that triggers such as the footsteps from ancestral cry and the walking calamity meteors can't trigger spells anymore which which made it a bit it didn't really make it that much worse because you didn't trigger spells anyway for um like most content like spells never procced while you were clearing there's many for rares
[00:05:17] and then you can for various you're using molten crash and molten crash still proc spells so and then i made a titan version in 0.5 as well to accommodate for that just in case i actually updated the titan version very recently with crit setup i should have made i was kind of messing around with the titan for a lot and i didn't find anything too special with it and then i was like wait a second just give it a scepter and get crit uh let's see here
[00:06:01] monitor oh i need to get it i mean i know i say zero button people like i have that little asterisk like it is zero button once you click those two buttons and but you can press molten crash you know you can press the successful car you don't have to but i mean a special warrior totem and stuff
[00:06:35] Oh, I also changed all of the guides a lot in order. I don't know if you noticed. Apparently, I didn't know this. Well, I suspected it. I suspected this for a long time, but I didn't confirm. But apparently, Forge Hammer. Yeah, so Forge Hammer. This does not stack with other fissures. So fissures from like Fear of the Mountain and Forge Hammer, they can't do damage at the same time. Only one does damage.
[00:07:08] So I removed Forge Hammer from both the end game and the Titan, both of these, because Multicrash was going to do the one doing most of the damage anyway. So it was just kind of annoying, right? It was just annoying. It was just being annoying. So I just replaced it with Elemental Weakness. So Elemental Weakness is just a big damage boost to everything. So both builds have Elemental Weakness now, and it should... I was like, before I had tons of... I still have it. I still have...
[00:07:37] fire penetration which i think is still good for clear because you don't want to cast curses for clear right but for bosses especially now that they've nerfed resistances on bosses this is a big damage boost like on arbiter no not arbiter on the arbiter of divinity this is like 20 or 30 more damage which is insane and you're not casting any more skills because you're using this instead of infernal core uh force hammer
[00:08:18] And now I'm going to play this old build. I guess I can favorite it now, maybe. This one. This is what the Warcry build was before the gemling. And I had to use totems for single target. Corrupting Cry just wasn't that good back in the day. It was good enough to clear early on, but it kind of fell off. So I'm going to reconfigure this into...
[00:08:50] a build that can be played in 0.5 or 0.55 this current version is like technically playable but it before you scale strength and stuff which i don't do anymore so i haven't updated anything though yet actually what can i do i update stuff here now this version was so cool though this version was so cool and they were like you know what let's nerf hateforge into unusability
[00:09:32] They nerfed this build so many times. Mid-league as well. Like, builds did not get nerfed mid-league. But for some reason, they had to nerf this one. Which is just... I don't understand. It wasn't even that good. I think it was pretty good. But it wasn't, like, good compared to, like, some of the meta builds, right? I think it just lagged their service so much. Because you spawned so many totems. They had a cap of 10. And after they capped it at 10, they, like, nerfed attack speed. And then they nerfed hateforge. Uh...
[00:10:06] Alanor, yes, there is a workaround. You shouldn't lose any buffs. If you do, it means you configured it a bit incorrectly. So, where do I have this? Frequently asked questions? No, no, no. Do I have this frequently asked questions? Yes, here we go. Why didn't you just select the reactor when I swapped the human form? You need to have it selected for both sets, not just set one.
[00:10:38] And then what you need to do is you actually need to select it for set 2 first, then set 1. Because if you put it in set 1, it won't let you select set 2. It's super weird. There's so many weird, like, finicky bugs. Can I swap the Magnet for... Yeah, sure. Of course. This is one of those... What did I put in here? I put Spirit. I mean, yeah. You can use anything you want. You don't need Spirit then, for sure. I do think this is really good. Like...
[00:11:10] This allows you to ramp endurance charges a lot faster early. And basically always have endurance charges, right? But the other two, you know, it's whatever. Yeah, I don't know. It would be pretty unviable to weapon swap if every time you lose your Ancestral Croy. It's weird though. It's so buggy because it gives you the armor of the bear. So it gives you the bear armor when you swap. So you have like floating textures. Anyway, but it still works.
[00:11:47] Because I think because the thing with the ignite magnitude Eleanor is that our ignites aren't doing that much damage, right? You know, they give so many small hits that the ignites aren't doing that much But what they are doing is that they're giving us more energy for comets, right? But the problem is I don't I think on bosses I'm not 100% sure about this, but I think that every hit we do with molten crash is enough to trigger one comet
[00:12:13] which means getting more ignite chance or ignite duration, ignite magnitude, doesn't actually give you any more covets, I think. I mean, if you're doing it on the Titan version, then I guess. Hard to say. Because attack damage also means more ignite, right? But it's not ignite magnitude. Ignite magnitude is a separate multiplier, right? Act 1. What are you... Oh, wait, I have this here, don't I? I'm sure I copy...
[00:13:06] Oh, this is gonna be annoying. Track build. Can I not, like, set a character to do this? No, that's not the one. Track build, here we go. Okay, I had to select the character first. For now, we're not gonna... Ah, maybe just delete this for now. Okay, we'll delete all of this. Uh... If I fix this... Visage him with it. Let's do this. Endgame utilizes... Destro... Earth Shatter.
[00:14:41] Add this to all. I guess we can have this just in case we don't want people to bait people. In case people are clicking on this guide expecting exactly what I planned. Is this build good? Great question. Yeah, I don't know. You see, I chatted with Aeon and it actually said Ignite does proc more Comet. I don't know. Is it wrong? No, that's correct. That is correct. Ignite. Yeah, so Ignite Magnitude would indeed proc more Comets. Yeah, as I explained.
[00:15:31] the thing is but there's a cap right it's it's weird so each ignite can only give you a maximum of 100 energy right you can only proc one comet any more than that and it's wasted so this build i don't know i usually don't like saying like oh you should try the thing that i'm trying right because i don't know i don't know if it'll be good well it'll be solid i think it'll be solid but i'm gonna be playing hardcore right
[00:15:59] And that's one of the things I like about this build is that it's a bit more hardcore-oriented. It's slower. It's not as comfy as other builds. But it'll be somewhat League Star friendly. I personally would not follow this, though. I wouldn't follow what I'm doing unless you're really interested in playing a warrior. Yeah. Until I can showcase what it becomes, right? It's definitely going to be slower, a bit more buttons and stuff.
[00:16:34] There's plenty of other good builds, you know, I know Honestly, I know I don't know why I mean, I guess people can do what they want But I've gone made this builds. No, I didn't make this bill. He made a guide for the build Specifically this bills or it was already out there. You know, I prefer your size eat, but This guy's honestly pretty good. It's it's well explained right but isn't a solid build and get you pretty far
[00:17:09] If you want to play something I have, then you can try this build. The Fartfinder, if you haven't already. I updated it recently to now use Chavron's Satchel. So it solves the recovery and defense a bit, quite a bit early on. Because before it was kind of like iffy without Mageblood. And that's never a good sign, right? But now I think with Chavron's Satchel, it's going to be pretty solid. The only problem with this build, though, is that it has a lot of moving parts. So there's a lot that can go wrong.
[00:17:39] uh but it's a one button build like super smooth it's definitely once you get this build online it's like my best build ever uh but as for the gear it can get kind of expensive especially here not like meta super expensive but it can get expensive and the single target it's not that great early on either that's what i recommend and the reason i recommend that is because you actually want like a build with ci doing chaos damage which is what this is poison right
[00:18:13] because of the new trial. The new trial of Chaos will probably, I mean, it's one of the only things, the new content in the game, right? So you only want to try the new content. And this will be good to ignore a lot of the mods in the Chaos trial. I had a POB, didn't I? Wrong POB. I've seen that you can go, you can go like here. So this, this. Smash I think is good, but maybe it's not that good. Don't get that much damage though. Like getting like, it's just two points to get so much damage.
[00:19:44] Up here and you go down here. So this is 1 2 3 4 5 6 Then is 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10
[00:19:55] Two, three, four, five, six, seven, eight, nine, ten. Yeah, okay. I can see why. Let me go for that. I don't need to go this direction either, so we can go. One, two, three, four, five. Two. Hold on, one, right? No, two. One, two, three, four. Oh, that's only four. I actually gained a lot of points. Yeah, I think that's fine. Need these nodes here. Roaring cries. Let me just swap some of this, though. Oh, that works.
[00:21:07] 120 points here. I think this is mandatory to get some... What else can I do? No worries, Eleanor. I'd like to respond to messages in chat. Shaman Calamity. Oh, right. I've not tried Shaman Calamity. I will say that the Balrog build can 100% be adjusted to work on a Shaman. The thing about Shaman...
[00:21:55] The thing about Shaman is that you don't want to take this note here. You can't take this note. This could be pretty cool. Druidic Champion. But you do lose Fire Spell on hits. Because the problem with Calamity on Shaman is that this makes... Actually, I'm not sure about Calamity, but I know Essential Cry, the steps, consume Rage every time you take a step. And if you have any kind of supports, you basically delete your Rage. But I've not tried...
[00:22:31] Shaman with calamity. Are you talking about maybe this one apocalypse? What do you mean? I just walk in calamity I've not I've not done bear shaman at all. Oh shit queues up. Oh, no, I didn't notice one thousand Use up queues up log in log in one you wanna go this Well the area you go for this just for 12 area. I don't know what level is this? level 18 Not too bad
[00:24:02] surprisingly but still that's like end of act one though is it actually let's set one you pretty wanna go oh no rip eleanor i mean to be fair i don't think this league is there's not gonna be as many people here for this like league event season uh compared to like a normal season so i doubt the queue will be that big this is very interesting race shields and flick parrot like that's
[00:25:13] a lot i wonder if this is like genuinely your best set actually whoa i just realized how good this is this could actually be insane on hit wait on hit wait what does that mean you actually have to hit with ray shield when i when i get hit is when i get hit two seconds isn't that great but still it could be pretty crazy this is act one act two
[00:26:32] Actually, I don't think I'll even have this back, too. I'm not really sure what I'll do back, too. We could go Resolute Technique. I already want some block. I want to go, like, here, probably. Defense. This. I actually want that to be... Because we need to go over here, eventually. Move all in our totems? I don't know about that. What was this? 31? This, I guess? I don't know. Oh, crap.
[00:29:40] Rename to 3. 3 is going to be a tough one. I'm going to try out OG. It's one of those things where all the builds I make guides for, I usually, you know, I'm either already playing it or I have played it, right? So beware. Now, of course, this is a rendition of an old build. So the theory should be fine. But it still has a lot of new stuff in it. And I'm going to play hardcore.
[00:30:33] just disclaimer if you want yeah of course you can find uh i will what i'll do i'm not sure yet what i'll do i might just put on the moba i can post the povs i guess but the problem is usually when i make povs i end up like completely switching up a lot of stuff anyway when i actually play my character i don't want to bait like i don't want to like tell people to do something and then i just completely do something else you know
[00:31:07] so ideally people just you know follow me on stream if they want to play the build that i'm playing they can follow my stream right and i'll usually update as i go along thank you reaper shell i appreciate that why are you going the corrupting cry generally again reaper i mean just fyi i well you i think you already were in the discord right telling me that you were unsure right but you know that you can't start it right you have to do a separate build
[00:31:41] or a gem for a mercenary that's fine oh yeah oh gee yeah i mean still honestly like when it comes to my builds the pathfinder is the one i've been done the most uh and it's it's also what i end my leagues on because i feel like i can invest a lot into it and it just feels so smooth and good and this this version in 0.5 is no different right it's not as it's much definitely a lot more expensive though
[00:32:20] than what the 0.1 version used to be which was like you know equip some items equip the boots equip like high level brutes and you just like kill everything not like that anymore but still pretty good fair enough reaper shell fair enough yeah that's not a good plan i i don't think the i think the build works fine it's just there's some obviously like sanctifying is going to be quite difficult early on but i don't think you i don't think you need to sanctify
[00:32:52] Like the amulet, you already know that you don't need the amulet, right? All the other stuff is cheap, right? It's just getting that last. It's like going from that 80% to the 100% is like the really expensive part. Once you got packs packed, I think you'll blast through at least first couple tiers of maps. Okay, so new. Okay, this is like minimum. We go for increased area tax. Maybe we don't go for that actually. This is the amount. We don't want to.
[00:33:39] Oh, wait, wait, wait, wait. Maybe go something like this, actually. Yeah, that's the thing. That's actually a good... Now that you mention it, that's one of the reasons why I don't play the Pathfinder at the start of the league, because I know once I play Pathfinder, I don't want to play anything else, because nothing else feels as good. I mean, that applies to the Corrupting Fire build as well, honestly. But luckily, that's why I play Pathfinder after. And also why when I played the Shaman, the Buildner build,
[00:34:52] I just wasn't satisfied no matter what I was doing. What else is this? This is level 45. Damn. What can we get? I mean, maybe we don't go for this. We're going here anyway. Okay, we're going there anyway. This is level 49. Jesus. There's nothing I can put on set 2, is there? I guess I can put this on set 2. Nah, but you kind of want this. You need that extra life regen.
[00:36:04] what's everyone asking death of micro transactions if you're playing yeah firefighting yeah i'm both corrupting fight and far finder on like that same tier i do think far finder kind of scales higher though many because it just has more scaling options right if you use i guess you can go here you don't kind of want the tax feed though not that that'll work this is really good for which hammer little 49 character which
[00:37:31] Not really Act 3. It's like end of Act 3. You can like remove this. I don't know. You need this. You need this. Otherwise, you just can't sustain War Cries that early. I was testing it. It's just terrible. Also, make... Before you... Well, if you're not already in the queue, make sure to change your settings to DirectX 12 if your PC can handle that. Now that I fixed that. It actually changes a lot for my streaming as well because now I can stream capture the game a lot easier.
[00:39:01] wonder about how many gear you can get at this level the synergy though if you want to look at what i'm actually planning to do right like just this node here is pretty cool it allows me to basically apply maximum critical weakness with just by spamming war cries and of course this one which gives me damage when i buy war cries and it just buffs up my totems to an insane degree because normally well i guess now the totems can use your weapon it's easier to skill crit but this way it's even easier to skill crit
[00:39:44] I wonder if these nodes actually work. I'm not really sure how that works. I assume once my totems crit, it cancels them critting, so it won't get that anymore. Or if it snapshots from me. That's what I'm saying.
[00:39:55] shots for me i'll be using ancestral brawn now instead of endurance charges to get totems problem is the defenses the defense is not bad warbringer is a pretty tanky class but i don't know if it's enough i have this wheel and that's it i think that's literally it i have block right i have block i don't think that's enough i think i need to make sure our armor if i can get armor on jewels maybe that's fine
[00:40:42] I like, why does it say reduced armor break taken? Why can't this just be immune to armor break? Like genuinely. There's no, there's nothing that removes evade. Well, I guess it's technically. It's stuff that reduces evasion, not removes it entirely. You have this, wait. Give this node here, sanguine tolerance, immune to corrupted blood. This might be a really good anoint in this league. If you can do temple of chaos. I do want to go this node. This node is pretty cool.
[00:41:47] you know that note we can do that but he's also on powered attacks huh this is 16 though oh my god oh my god oh my wait is that true yo reaper you listening just get on julia i have armor but guys guys guys guys guys this is gonna exist how do i say oh my god that's insane
[00:43:04] That's so insane. That's gonna make the build like 1 billion times cheaper. It has to be socketed in a weapon. Which isn't really a problem. Is that a problem? I don't think it's a problem. Yeah, so we're just needing double spirit, right? Which we kind of do need, don't we? How would we get 15? You can get it on boots, I think. Right? Maybe? Oh no, that's not a socket, is it? You don't really want spirit on your amulet. Yeah, that would be...
[00:44:28] hmm what would you drop there's nothing you can't really drop anything that's so interesting though oh my god that actually makes the build like one times just significantly cheaper significantly cheaper okay how do i'm gonna add this to comment new soul core in weapon five plus one two war cries so reaper shell the in the dof microtransactions i saw
[00:45:21] we can look in the chat where i posted but there's gonna be new soul cores right they're adding new soul cores and one of the soul cores is plus one warcry skill gems that's nuts for us like that's oh my it just it just solves a lot of problems right you still do need like it means you don't need a sanctified i don't know what's easier the gloves or a sanctified weapon but
[00:45:58] basically solves a lot right just just one less level you need to get to squeeze out right well that's a nice that's a nice buff real nice for us is the bear boots still good yes bear build is still good plebuski i also made some changes uh this recently uh to buff it up so if you want to play a titan version you have crit now and both versions also have
[00:48:28] a mental weakness instead of doing that weird for instead of using forge hammer forge hammer was also clunky and it was doing literally nothing because fissures don't stack apparently so yeah so reaper europe you're big i i mean i don't know how expensive that thing's gonna be but that's gonna be that expensive right more expensive than squeezing out a plus one somewhere else isn't such a cry thing bugged uh the only thing that's bugged uh with balrog is that um
[00:49:08] Well, there's a couple things, but nothing that breaks the build or anything. This one here, so in patch 3.5, you need to socket a separate Ancestral Cry and put that in a bar, because then you can see how much it charges up. But it still works, right? You can also just spam Ferocious Roar when you have like six endurance charges. Usually, you have enough glory by then. It basically just, it's harder to tell when you can use Ancestral Cry. That's what changed.
[00:49:44] And there's also this thing where this one... That's not the bug. Actually, which one? This one where you have... If you walk into abyssal depths, it randomly deactivates successful cries sometimes. Yeah. But nothing that breaks the build, I would say. True, yeah. Reaper shell, true. Yeah, I wonder how I'm going to figure out the spirit. Great question. I mean, 100%, it's mandatory to have the plus one. It's not mandatory, but you definitely want the plus one, right? What would you drop? I guess you... I don't know what you'd drop.
[00:50:31] Gloves, maybe? It means you can have, like, actual good gloves. Not really, actually. It means on this version, you don't need the helmet, right? Wait, is this one even... I can't remember. Wait, does this one have... Oh, yeah, yeah. Because I have the... Here, right? The physical mastery. Yeah, so you don't need the little... I think... Yeah, you... Yeah, it means you don't need the Copic Orb. Or you don't need the Sanctify. So either one of those. Either you go for Copic Orb, or you don't go for Sanctify.
[00:51:19] is probably the cheapest. Or, I guess, technically Prism of Belief as well. To be fair, Prism of Belief will not exist early league, right? So, hard to say how that much that matters. It wasn't cheap anyway either, right? Might be even more expensive now. Yeah, I should probably get a filter going, right? Well, keep in mind, like, 40 is the max, Reaper. You can't go over 40. Like, on my character, I have 40. Well, I took out the support gem for plus one phase.
[00:52:25] Because I have 41 of my character. So I added an AoE. Which is nice. It means you get an extra support gem, right? AoEs. That's pretty cool. How does this website work now? What the? Oh, cancel. How does this work? Campaign. Warrior. Here we go. Here we go. I want scepters as well. Yeah. That's probably enough, honestly. Oh, thank you so much for the sub, Reaper. Appreciate it. Did I get some emotes? I mean, I don't know, man. Did you notice, Reaper, that I still had subs?
[00:54:34] Well, I guess you can't notice that but I still had subs. I still had eight subs When I started stream, I don't understand how that's even possible. Someone's like forgotten to unsub. But I appreciate it. You gifted a sub before you subbed to me. Unless you already subbed? No. Alright, so now we got a filter. Nothing too special. We're kind of ready to go now, honestly. I'm just gonna wing it like I usually do. I'm just gonna wing it.
[00:56:13] i'm not like other people where i make like a whole new video guide for leak start this in 0.55 i feel like my other videos are fine but losing this kind of sucks like this is three percent hp this would be an interesting build to min max if i can even get to that point on hardcore if i die i'll probably just go softcore and keep playing right but ideally i can keep it going hardcore this is the interesting thing is that special bond
[00:57:19] allows me to do this. Because the build didn't really work, and I don't want to transform into bear to generate endurance charges. Like, you can, but it's just slow and annoying. Well, actually, I don't know how slow it is, but it is annoying, because it makes you stand still, and standing still just isn't good. And you can't have a shield. It's so spread on points. I actually don't want that. I think I'm going to go with this. That one, global. I don't want any crit chance.
[00:58:32] You could just go that true, but I feel like 10% crit chance is just all damage. Dang it, this is 2%. Huh. You want crit chance. You want this. I feel like I'm going for these points when this is just better in every way. Same time. Increase mana cost and skills? No thanks. Increase mana cost is just too much. We're going to go done magic, though. We're going to go done magic.
[00:59:18] I just can't. There's too many points to go for this stuff down here. I wonder if you just drop the Corrupting Cry build. I wonder if you just drop Glacial.
[00:59:55] Corrupting Cryo build. I wonder if you just drop Glacial initially. Just don't use Arctic Armor. I mean, it's a lot of armor, though, you get from this. But it's one of those things where do you need it? I don't know. Armor isn't that great on this build anyway. The rest you can drop. Like, Magnum Barrier is too important. Cast and Dodge and Herald of Blood. To be fair, you could drop Herald of Blood. I don't know how much it's doing, but it just looks cool, right? But you don't have to use Herald of Blood either. Let me get some water.
[01:02:07] what's my full-time job i'm a software engineer reaper programmer probably mainly front end bug fixing maybe that explains something i don't know uh you can't uh od it unfortunately no you can't uh you can't that it just won't work corrupting cry one is a level three no tier three support jam so that won't work until at minimum act three right
[01:03:02] and even then at that point you want to use fortify and cry right so it won't work until act three but spamming you can't spam on gemling right and you kind of need echo and cry to get three and sustain the cry without it like falling off or it's just taking way too long to kill stuff you want echo and cry and echo and cry is a tier five support which i think it comes in like end of act four act fourish
[01:03:38] Well, fortifying cry technically does damage if you use shield skills. Seismic cry also does damage, but it's not significant enough to kill anything. It's just not viable in the campaign. So unfortunately, you can't war cry. You can play gemling and swap when you get to like... Reaper, the guy in chat, he's planning to do just your normal gemling leveling build. I'm not sure what leveling build he's going to do, but I'm guessing like grenades or something, right?
[01:04:09] uh until you get to honestly until you get to packs pack which is you know 65 plus right might even be longer than that because you because packs pack it depends on i mean i i'm guessing we're not all speedrunners right so it probably will exist by the time you're there if you go to sleep right this is pretty common it's still like a unique drop from a unique map i'm guessing if you can find that map yourself it's like 50 chance of dropping or something like that
[01:04:47] yeah you're gonna have to play something else grenades some people doing like a whirling twisting uh willing twist whirling twisters is that what it's called missing welding running twisters if you want to play war cries like i'm gonna playing war cries as a league starter on a war bringer though which is just a different build it's like more of a totem build based for single target i've heard that yeah there's other ways od there's like uh who has this see here
[01:05:29] is it anime princess is that who it is no no it wasn't anime princess who was it and if i don't know is it this one no it's twister generally wasn't anime princess what it's like some girl can't remember her name anime princess i'm pretty sure it's a guy wait i didn't think of what it was but yeah it was something that i was basically use freezing shards freezing bolts no freezing
[01:07:10] the shotgun that's like frost shotgun into the non-frost shotgun it like pretty does clear his campaign decently permafrost yes permafrost builds fragmentation rounds yep yes lazy exile yes lazy exile 100% you're right yep that's the one no it's not her damn it's not her okay wait no no no wait no no yes in her
[01:08:28] Yeah in her totem build she has a leveling guide. Okay, this is a totem build though. The gemling? Yeah, she I mean she does do the fragmentation round stuff. She goes into totems afterwards. That's what I was thinking of though. Oh, Ponyhoof. I mean all respect to Ponyhoof honestly, turn it around. His Peewee stuff, his Peewee 4 stuff has honestly not been that bad.
[01:09:18] It's just, you know, he has a bad taste in my mouth after the viewbotting allegations. Or... It wasn't really allegations. It was more than proven. Half AI thumbnails, too. Oof. I guess that's part of the course. Oh, I can't really tell from his videos which one he's talking about. Yeah, his guides aren't bad. Guides are... Oh, yeah. Oh, true. Supporting fire could be actually really solid. You're right. Honestly, supporting fire might be it. Oh, Pox did this. Interesting.
[01:11:08] this is three months ago though so this is three months he's gonna have mage blood i don't know if this is league start oh i've never seen anyone use that helmet creative acuity huh valid bro i guess kind of is oh i see interesting okay that's kind of cool that is a massive sorcerer award holy shit like hardcore build uh looking at coding is there any alternative to the uniques you recommend
[01:12:15] the uniques the uniques are dirt cheap altars aren't they if we look at this version all of these should be really cheap shouldn't they pretty sure all these uniques are cheap or maybe not the belt or are you talking about act one maybe are you talking about this stuff oh i mean i assume people realize they don't need like three sockets on cross march right okay so it's act one yeah so you don't need the tabula
[01:12:48] you can play without tabula i mean personally i do recommend doing it but you can you don't need a tabula is the rest expensive when you're saying you're broke alter arcs do you mean are you have you played you have a character in league alt arcs because this build's not playable unless you have some currency because you need okay yeah i have wait what was that an answer to
[01:13:20] but what i mean is you you ideally want at least you know the frontal cry can be a five link i think at a minimum frontal cry needs to be a five link it doesn't need it doesn't need magnifier air but he's a minimum five link and you need echoing cry and corrupting cry both of those are tier five and tier three supports which you can't get like on a fresh character but if you can get that that's pretty much all you need like it's just it's just this with these four supports that's technically all you need but i highly recommend
[01:13:52] Some of these items the helmet and the shield I think the helmet and shield are like really good the rest is whatever like or the rest is not mandatory, but the helmet and the shield I would recommend and The the four supports here and the four I think right? Yeah, cropping rings is not a starter a starter. It doesn't have the it's a bit confusing, but there is a
[01:14:21] there's a starter tag here which i've not added right i've not do not have that starter tag hey awesome anther yeah the bear build is very solidly starter it's really cheap you know you don't need much to get it to work i also made some updates to the build actually recently as well so it should be a bit better than before in the end game more in that area though but yeah the the the corrupting cry build is not a starter unfortunately because all of this stuff you need tier four or
[01:15:05] uh tier five sports at minimum tier five sports you can't get uh level one right wait you're gonna try this alt arcs you're gonna try this build for the the new league yeah so at 100 yeah you need to so i don't you can't you can't use any of this stuff act or act one to four none of this stuff you want to do you kind of want to start when you can get stuff from well
[01:15:43] Yeah, you kind of want to start when you can get stuff from the endgame Except that you don't need the boots and you don't need the belt, but everything else you kind of want, right? And I personally would not start Because by the time you get to endgame right then you can't need more more damage Which means you want packs pack without packs packed. It's probably doable, but it will just be miserable, right? I think you kind of want to wait until you can get a packs packed
[01:16:18] And I don't know when you're going to get that. You know the Pana MTX works with Bear Build? It does Unique Mastered Up. I do know... I'm pretty sure that MTX overrides the weapon. Yes. I'm pretty sure MTX overrides the weapon. Because I remember I tried out the Crocodile. And the Crocodile overrode the Balrog skin. So it should work, yeah. Sadly... Wait. Nether Shock, do you know that? Oh wait, does it not work? Sadly, no.
[01:17:04] Wait, it doesn't actually work. Oh, I thought it worked. You bought? Oh, Rift. Shit, I didn't think the Unique didn't replace, huh? Because I remember I had the Crocodile, and the Crocodile overrode it. Didn't it? Maybe I'm thinking incorrectly here. Yeah, there's a lot of bugs around the MTX of that. I know that much. Yeah, exactly, Altarx, yeah. Unfortunately, you know, this is a very good campaign build if it's not your first character, right?
[01:17:55] Unfortunately cannot be played as your first character. It's maybe a good thing Well, we'll see once the next league comes around, right? That's probably gonna get nerfed into the ground who knows if any of the other seasons and my new and my builds are Precedent then my shit usually gets completely deleted Even though it's not like meta But you know the fact that you can't start it means that not everyone's playing it, right? If you can start this as a league starter then
[01:18:24] I don't think anyone would play anything else. I mean, the thing about Gambling, right? Nothing about Gambling makes this build, right? So you can play this on, like, you don't have to play, well, other than the plus two to Strength gems. I think now it's pretty important. But it's not mandatory. Especially with, like, now that we got plus one, the new plus one here, the Soul Core. That's going to help a bit.
[01:18:54] But I don't think they would nerf that. I think they're going to nerf the ult qualities. And we're not abusing an ult quality, right? We are using the one that gives us dodge distance, right? But we can live without dodge distance. Decide to Bower again and then swap Corrupting. I guess that works. But then you have to make another character. But I guess if you're okay with that, then... I agree with her. Yeah, it's a bit ridiculous.
[01:19:37] it was like it just the problem with gemling is that it makes so many skills just way better like so much better than no matter how like what the sentence you are the skill is just so powerful that gemling just rocks and plus two is just like just plus two levels of any skill gem is just really good too so it kind of counteracts any damage loss you would have gained
[01:19:55] skill gem is just really good too so it kind of counteracts any damage loss you would have gained or like lost from another ascendancy defensively though you know generally is pretty weak i say that and then you have you know the old quality of uh magma barrier giving you like 10 max block which is absurd arctic armor gives you like a 200 armor or some dumb shit pretty mean true yeah but i don't think we don't have crit immune on our character right
[01:20:33] You don't take gem studded. Take adaptive. In an ideal world, you would take gem studded, but I think it's just too much pain to gear around that it's not worth it. Just take adaptive capability and you can forget about having to worry about the cast on dodge stat requirements. Oh, you did? Reaper? I see, I see. Must have been pretty min-maxing the build, then.
[01:21:08] that's one thing i want on this build on the build i want to play is warner's courage brown is carnage it gives you i didn't i couldn't find the mod on pob but i see here modifies here we go this one here like these two like this node here recover five percent of max life when you use warcry it's actually really powerful for this build is that with the node gives you seven percent every time you warcry
[01:22:03] Which, like, you just spam that and you're full HP. Instantly. It does mean that, though, like, the Warcry or the Corrupting Cry aspect of this build will definitely take a sideline. Hopefully it's enough to, like, kill white mobs and blue mobs, but it will definitely not be enough to killing bosses. Fair enough, River, fair enough. Sorry. Making a good build. There's plenty of other good builds, though. I'm sure, like, if you play a build with, like, a lot higher damage, you know, like, totems or something, I guess it just doesn't feel like...
[01:22:44] the gameplay does make a big part of it right make sure you're not doing the most damage maybe not that fast but you're really tanky and just super smooth that's what people want and decently fast if i think it's actually really fast i guess damage eventually does make you go slower right yeah but if you're a reaper a lot of builds can play well content challenges
[01:23:19] I guess all content is one of the things where people have different interpretations of what that means. Like, does that mean you have to do juiced expeditions, or does that just mean you can kill all bosses, right? Personally, I think it just means kill all bosses. I guess challenges, too. I think that, yeah. I wonder how expensive these are. Level 70. Too bad. Oh, yeah, that sounds like it has to get damage, yeah. Most common builds just vaporize.
[01:24:11] 14 exalts was actually 13. It was just 14 exalts. That's so cheap. Almost time, almost time. Oh, I can't stream that long today, though. I don't know. We'll see when I go to bed, but it will have to be like maximum three hours, I think. Maybe even less. Funnily enough, if you had to give me a dollar for every time I had to do a race on League Start the next day, like a running race.
[01:25:08] i'd have two dollars but the fact that it happened twice in one year it's uh funny because tomorrow i'm doing a race seven kilometer run with the obstacle course elements apparently i'm betting i'll be broken after that but we'll see how it goes yeah it's 10 p.m for me too yep oh work on saturday oh that's rough life indeed i mean it's an event league you know i think it's fine to just take it easy
[01:26:24] There's no point like rushing it dude my brothers three minutes I'm playing hardcore, which I'm definitely not prepared for It's kind of yoloing it Should be fun before I die like first boss three hours to hit maps that is Very ambitious. I think realistically it's six to five hours if you speeding like an average player an average like tuned in player
[01:27:45] it's probably gonna take me even longer if i don't wanna rush and die i mean i i would consider myself a campaign enjoy as well but part of enjoying the campaign is going fast though i think like once the campaign takes like 10 hours your best was 12 hours down was it like the shorter the campaign takes the more fun it is i think but the more you can like tolerate it maybe i still like the campaign though yeah play through how many times i think i played it through the campaign four or five times last league
[01:28:26] To be fair, I played a lot last week. And I also had, you know, I also played the Twink, Croft and Cry through two of those, I believe. True, true, Reaper, true. That's also why I like playing the build, that I'm, like, something close to the build, at least. Even from, like, level one or whatever. Even when I could play, like, a Twink or build or a leveling build, right? Because I want to feel that progression.
[01:29:14] My character, like, getting stronger, like, finally getting to equip his stuff. It feels a bit better than going, like, a twink setup into, like, equipping all the items for another character. Oh, you think Nevershock? Concussed Titan. You gotta keep in mind that Concussed Titan has... Can't... Like, getting the support gem will be pretty difficult. Or at least early on. Then again, it's not like last league was pretty difficult to get to. Until, like, endgame. Even though it's common.
[01:29:57] True, it's yeah, I mean that's it's just the popular build, you know minimal buttons auto gameplay We're moving. I think where is he moving it? No. Oh, here it is. Okay, 66 Then get in get in. This is the third option hardcore Yeah, I mean it's a name yes
[01:31:02] it's gonna be shouted hard hardcore i'm hardcore i'm hardcore get that mindset get the hardcore mindset i think i've yet to play hardcore to the end game that's in there so then i go oh you can't respawn a checkpoint on a on a hardcore character i forgot about that i guess i'll just use the shield bash i think personally i'm not as fast as dual wielding but no just i'd be very careful about sprinting too
[01:32:22] I can't just, like, I can pause, but I have to log out. It's not necessary to save you. Not currently, Toki. No. I have an old guide, which has very similar leveling setup. Like, the leveling setup is basically the same. The Warbringer guide there. But the actual, what I'm planning to do, like, endgame or, like, campaign is not on there.
[01:33:39] All right, Toki. Yeah, I mean, you know, it's just, yeah, exactly. Follow what I do on stream and stuff. I'm pretty sure I'll be streaming all of it, right? It's one of those things where I don't like recommending something that I haven't tried. Pretty counterproductive to what most streamers do, but content creators, I guess. Damn, he died in position one ladder. Rip. He died too. Some people are dying. I need a better weapon than this. I want to find the two of these.
[01:35:57] Two britches? Shit, I'm out of flasks. That's not good. Where was the checkpoint? Holy shit, there's mobs here? Oh my goodness. That's new. Holy shit! Get a better weapon. Thank you so much for the prime, Feargood. Appreciate that. Wait, I'm doing the right- Don't tell me I have to do the boss again. That would suck. Oh my goodness!
[01:37:47] Okay, I did not expect how hard this was gonna be. Oh my god, I did the boss again. You're joking. Oh, she has less HP, it seems. Holy shit, you can get some good sh- Oh, that's good. Yeah, yeah, yeah. Yeah, we're getting those. Oh, you can get- Oh, no. I need to be very careful doing that around the mobs, huh? Great Helm, Stalker Cove. Still in the zone. I do think it's worth doing the Mud Barrow, because you want to do this boss thing.
[01:39:47] You want to do this boss so you can get uniques. Some early level uniques would be really nice. You got the ring as well.
[01:39:55] Got a ring as well. Shit. I don't want to sell the belt. Oh my god, that's a good belt. That weapon is... We want to go here and then we want to teleport back. Oh, does it not have a... I'm sure it's fine. I don't know what I had, I guess. This is going to be interesting.
[01:42:47] I like this thing where it changes up the campaign quite a bit. It's also going to make it take a lot longer. Oh, no, we don't have to kill her yet. Oh, no, we haven't activated the... Right. We have to activate this now, and then we get another boss. Which is way less HP, though. That's good. Oh, boy. Ooh, great hammer. Nice. Oh, my God. That's insane. Crossbow. He transmutes.
[01:45:13] Just have lightning damage added now. We just get all the transmute more shield to Buy one had a weapon do bone shatter It gives me that perfect That's a good mace That's an even better one that's an even better one. That's 200
[01:46:55] Oh, that's a good mace, too. Yeah, that's pretty good. I want to try and get this one skill gem. Get Earthquake. What? It should be in set one only. Did I miss it? Is it like... No, it's on the other side of the map. It really is. Wow. It is, yeah. Mysterious Camp. Okay, Earthquake. Oh, for now, I think we're going to have this. I think Shield is just too good. I have one-handed weapons.
[01:50:09] the one-handed does so much damage that wasn't enough to stun auto attack baby and this guy's less hp than worm that's a cool helmet and fire damage attacks why not it's like this before it's level six already i'm slowing down it's been many years doing good damage holy that'll be a good dash tier one support what do we use that on do we use it on brink yeah i think we do that was there
[01:54:04] The game also feels a lot smoother. I think I have a lot more FPS than I did before because I can finally run DirectX 12 without my game just crashing.
[01:56:35] Better safe than sorry. Am I not stunning those guys? Why are they so stun resistant? Oh, nice. She's got currency. Big. Ooh. That's better. I can't get both. Oh, no. Can I get both? I can't get both. Oh, damn. Artifice of Orbs was good, though. Yeah, that's so weird. Ooh, armor piece. I need that.
[01:59:26] Oh, big. That is nice. Okay, where is it?
[02:00:12] oh that's what we're talking about anything take your fancy it's fine work father i still have much to learn two three i think we go for a shockwave toward me anything minion let's save this release that which you hold oh wait don't i have oh come on that's a lot oh wait no oh that keeps
[02:02:30] Flask back. Ooh, lagging though. Why is that lag? Better. I'm assuming he's just shaders coming first time. Nope. A lot more apparently. I'll be doing that boss. Holy shit, that's evil. Why did that guy teleport? Is he still a mob? And the last guy again. God dang it. Hopefully we get a good unique now. It's not terrible. This is not bad. But it's not great.
[02:06:38] Honestly, it's dog shit. Or at least dog shit. Actually, maybe this one's genuinely, like, damage. Let's try this. Okay, we got Shockwave Totem as well. Damage Shockwave Totem. I think we go over Abundance first. Final Cry, I guess. Wait, does this work? It doesn't work. I guess it doesn't count as a slam skill I used. Pace is terrible. Pretty solid gear. Gloves on.
[02:09:38] That's a good one. I do the tech. I kind of want to do the consort last, actually. That slam's going to be bad. They don't last that long, those totems. I should have gone attack speed instead. I should have one-shot everything. No, what I could do is this. It actually works now. Get a double earth. That's actually really strong now. Change the entire pack. Look, I scored literally everything. Bottom left.
[02:13:30] Let me have to go smash, eh? Just more damage. Dead end. I should have known, because it's the opposite end. Oh, no. Is it this way? Nah. See how much damage it does. That's pretty good damage. Okay, that's pretty good damage. I'm not over here. Kill him again. Can I use that flask now? Ooh, that could be good. Oh, that's way better. Shit, that thing's sucking now. Can't get the instant, so this is level 9 zone.
[02:18:54] He didn't. I was about to get knocked over there but I think knock over protection saved me. Fuck! That's scary. Life on kill. Was it?
[02:19:55] That one. Was it? Holy shit, the damage. Okay. Nice. So many mobs. That damage is nice. Distance will take. Not a space for that. Get. Get. I read the telling spree. Max out gold. Do that? Nah. Let's take that.
[02:23:35] Must make them pay. Must make them suffer. I'm so scared of what movies are going to do now. I've done it before, it matters. Big damage. Wait, we don't get a uniqueness? Oh, we would.
[02:25:26] those are kind of good gloves everything here is just keep taking stuff everyone going too slow that hooded fella take a look sell something else what was it supposed to you'll survive well enough those are good gloves find some useful we're not even over level wait what how are we
[02:28:03] Mace is what we're gonna do is out level one What tells you where the zone is that's cool Drops I good question if there's gonna be drop so you should be at the top of your That might refresh the stream or something. I'm sure there's drops though. Those are not bad either Cool res actually money hold on to those
[02:31:10] These cows weren't just eaten. They were ripped to shreds. Okay, no sprinting in this zone. Yeah, I'm going the wrong way. As you get lucky in this zone, sometimes you just never find it. Yeah, it's nice. What is going on? We have an entire zone filled with these wildwood shrines.
[02:33:34] And I can't find a single one in the zone that's supposed to have them. There we go. Which is pretty good. Stop moving. Wait, does that not give you a disable? Wait, I guess we can have that. Damn, Niggi's already in Act 2? Embarrassing.
[02:39:56] no chance look for magic packs heard that what's that ah it's not this way complete the ritual for uniques we're gonna get now okay that's terrible thing is honestly insane that's cool i guess the hell i mean reduce moving speed though 100 life these gloves okay particularly well this is 100 life like her life is 100 life today
[02:48:16] shield yeah it gives i don't want any of these isn't it i don't want to use perfect strike it's getting really close four artificer orbs i need another support though it took ages to get that what this gives me the infinite are these always worth doing just impact shot wait there we go let me just hold on to it wow that 50
[02:55:33] It feels like it makes a massive difference. Definitely should do something about it. Yeah, rage. Going for rage. I should have just gone for it. I know who that's going to be. Again, you switch over to actual builds. I mean, I use totems. I'd like, I don't know, act two.
[02:59:55] i use totems at like i don't know act 2 i start using totems but the actual build build when i use ancestral warrior totems and stuff like that i'm not exactly sure honestly i haven't this is the first time i'm doing it so i don't know i'm guessing it depends on how comfortable i feel with corrupting cry and stuff and if i can get good scepters i'm guessing ancestral warrior totems will be pretty good later on
[03:00:39] Because the totem, the normal totem setup gets you through campaign pretty easily. I can't, and I can't use Corrupting Cry until like, I guess, okay, so I've been thinking about Corrupting Cry. Corrupting Cry I can't use until level 45 plus-ish, I guess. Switch gloves. Then one phase him. Oh come on, he's dead! He's literally dead! Oh my god. I nearly one phased him. That's the first ever time I've done that. I think. And that...
[03:04:09] How long did that take me? An hour? An hour and 30, jeez. Puzzles? Frank? Next mana? Use a shield, use a shield. Oh, I found it pretty fast. Oh my god, they put this here? That's just evil. I'm gonna put on set one. I guess we put on set one and we just do this for now. Oh, we can go attack speed? Attack speed is just give. 11. Let's go on this.
[03:08:47] No, is it? Oh, this is 12. Whoa! Okay. I don't know. Is that good? I think it is. I forgot this stuff. What do I do with this helmet? It's decent. It's not that crazy, though. It's a good chest piece. Item itself requires tenant. Oh, there's a lot of lighting there.
[03:11:59] I don't know why I made the Raze support. That was just kind of dumb. He would have been so much better. I'm not getting tier 2 supports. Other resistances are terrible. I have to put on the fire ring.
[03:19:56] Find me. What? She's still doing the move? Why? After she's stunned? That's bullshit. Oh my god. Not again. I need a new single-pressing on target setup. Not this again. Double two support gem. Here we go. What do we want here? Approaching ground? There's something we can get on the totems. Virgin totems would be so nice, actually. I'm forgetting. Oh, we dug around one. Yeah, I think that's what I need, actually.
[03:23:28] Yeah, no move speed. All right, Reaver Shell, how far did you get? Will you leave? Eat Act 1 as well? Like, maybe. Otherwise, yeah, GG's. Thanks for hanging out. Well done. Nice. All right. That's decent. I mean, I think we can probably just get... Before we get those vendor recipe things. Vendor...
[03:25:51] Who's going to start the stun now? Double totem now? This weapon, I don't... Right, the parsmids do make a trail. Well, at least I'm tanky. I've been thinking so long to kill this guy. Wait, what? I didn't even get to finish. Give a buck. What? Just ignore the stun? I literally... I mean, other than the fact that I'm really tanky and not that much struggling.
[03:34:03] Feels like 0.1 again. I thought this was going to give me uniques. It gives you max life, which is not bad. It would not Mad Wolf. It would be pretty terrible, actually. You can't level with Corrupting Wings as a complete new character. It just doesn't work. Unless you have a friend to give you some stuff, like what you need in Axe-X, I wouldn't recommend it at all.
[03:36:05] What you can do instead is you can level mercenary with any other build, grenades, suppressing fire, tactician, any of those. And then swap to corrupting wings afterwards. Honestly, I would not swap before you can get packs packed. So 65 plus. But the build's looking pretty good though. We got a buff. This league, this 0.5, we actually got a buff because it's a new...
[03:36:55] Rune you can add into weapons that gives you plus one to level of war cries that like alleviates a lot of the just we had Fair enough Madbull fair enough Di Diablo immortal no way that's how that means Seriously, yeah, I mean shit. Yes It's a viewers I guess I got a tier 7
[03:38:37] Oh, is that so medieval? Okay. That's cool, I guess. I know Diablo Immortal is like, well, at least Blizzard's highest performing Diablo game, right? And apparently, what was it, like the schedule for BlizzCon had Diablo Immortal as like 80% of the Diablo section. Goes to show that like, just priority. Oh, I see. Yeah, I can imagine. I mean, reacting to this stuff is always fun, right? I would assume. I mean, I don't know.
[03:39:50] What kind of content updates comes up or the other mortal because let's be honest I would not You catch me dead looking at any of that kind of stuff
[03:39:55] You catch me dead looking at any of that kind of stuff, but... Unless it's a joke, right? Like, funny to watch. I'm sure there's, like, heavy content, right? If you're a creator, you do definitely want new content for that game. Wait, is BlizzCon tomorrow? I actually haven't paid attention at all. The only thing I just learned about BlizzCon from the classic... Wow. I've read it. It's just really suffering. We're gonna do... We're gonna change this up a bit. Next Saturday. Alright.
[03:41:21] Yeah, okay, that makes more sense precipitate precipitating in a optical course race tomorrow seven kilometers with like swimming rock climbing higher jumping Won't be able to play too long. Holy shit armor broken playing hardcore by the way More careful. Why does armor break a thing man? Where's energy shield break? Where's evasion break?
[03:42:13] Technically evasion break exists, but there's no energy shield break. It's chaos damage. The most is like half effectiveness. Armor break is 100%. How am I underleveled? I feel like I've killed everything in this island, man. My damage is so bad. And no worries, Mad Wolf. Thanks for chiming in. I'm running out of life flasks. He's phased. And now to kill him again. At least we can get some life flasks back.
[03:45:13] Jesus. I don't understand why everyone's dying in AC. Holy shit. Shit. Oh my god. I have no idea how I made that. Alright. Oh my god. Now we got Bella. Oh, I'm stuck. Stand in the middle here. Tank, tank. Oh, Bella's dead at least. That's good. You can't block that. You can block that. Jesus.
[03:48:37] Think about doing about it. What's the most fun, but I place it for do you think the Titan version is better than the Smith one? Um I'm gonna say No, I'm not sure. The Tynan is tankier than the Smith one. Sure. It's an item Wow corpse way. Look at that. Ooh Surefoot sigil is actually insane a good item though each as well All attacks count as empowered. Our skills do not have inherent bonuses. Oh
[03:49:36] Right. Yeah, if you feel like it like that's the thing like it's not like the tankiness changed much if anything you're probably tankier now, right? But it's not like it's too bad, you know both use similar gear. Okay, they don't really He's kind of similar gear, but I would just play the Smith and if you keep enjoying the Smith and just keep enjoying the Smith But the Smith did get nerfed right from how it was In a sense because they're now what I don't know how much it not got nerfed, but it triggers less spells now
[03:50:10] And that's why I made the Titan version. But I still think Smith is very powerful. I don't know. Let's Screen Clutter, I guess. What level am I now? This seems so good, though. Yeah, I think I'm not gonna... I'll be right. Shit, I need to go to bed soon. Okay, what do I... I need level 22. Oh, Earthshatter. Nah, we're gonna go... I think we start with... We kinda need that for the single target. Okay, that... Good.
[03:52:10] all right but it's not terrible oh hybrid oh boy okay yeah that's good big damage increase holy that's better that's better than my two-handed it's genuinely better than my two-handed right now honestly we'll just do that yeah oh i will show them how a true warrior fights oh that's not where i wanted to go
[03:53:49] It's like the bone pits. Let me get some water. In the dark. Okay, it's this one. Get rid of this now. It's doing pretty good damage now. Ooh, not too much support. I kind of want Urgent Totem. Coaching ground better. Let's go coaching ground. And our damage is starting to pound. That could be good.
[03:57:33] and it's really changed the instant corrupting cry this patch uh the corrupting wings uh build so specifically this build not typically it's just i want uh it's just a league starter version i guess and but it focuses more on totems right there's some cool totem stuff uh that is good with it this is the ancestral bond right anything
[03:58:00] But for corrupting wings, in 0.55, I assume he meant 0.5, but in 0.55, there's actually a new support, a new rune that goes in your weapon that gives you plus one war cries, which is insane buff to the build, basically. Insane buff. Getting plus one levels that easily is such a big buff. Still, the gemling version is not a big starter, though. I mean, you can technically start it, but...
[03:58:40] So you're not really gonna war cry until you're level 65 or until you have packs packed which could be used later on the availability. Shit I need a one shot. I need a lightning res. Let's get this guy. Let's tell him lightning res at least.
[04:00:05] Honestly, let's go for this. Happy Junkyu. Position 5 on the ladder. Damn. Rip. Got two boots. Gonna keep going forward. Ooh, I can actually go for these nodes here. There's even a... This could be viable. Nearly. Ooh, 15% move speed. Yeah. Hint I can... Deal with that. Do I have enough hint? That's what we need to do. Earthquake. We got another tier 2. Instant ground. There we go.
[04:06:31] And again, I can go for these. 1, 2, 3, 4, 5. Or I can just go this. This is way better. Is this better? 5%. Oh, wait a second. Oh, please don't tell me this bug happened. It did. What's that happen?
[04:09:59] Related to this persistent ground. Alright, selection. Now, do you want to pick ground again? Yep, good. Oh, level up to 22. Can I put this in? What is that? How does that work? I do need duration. I'm gonna go this. I mean, 10% damage taken is actually pretty good. Is he better though? Damage. Okay, that seems to do a lot of damage. It sounds crazy if that worked. It's a little underleveled. It's actually so bad. It's actually so bad.
[04:20:03] Did it break again? It just breaks. Like, it just breaks the entire character. Where am I? Blah, blah. My totems disappeared. Where is it? Oh, there it is. Yes, please. Holy shit. Now we're looking healthy. Oh, what? Ooh, Juluzorb. Using that on. That's a real question. I guess totems are the smartest. I guess factors, too.
[04:26:04] Brutality II would actually go. Pure Fizz, right? I need Brutality II anyway. It's still terrible. But not that though. It's a bit of a farm. I have regen. We don't really need Resolute Tink to get those. So now we got this. We got some checkered ground duration. Magnitude's cool. Let's do Sekimas. Invasion? I don't think that technique works on it.
[04:35:50] that sucks that's fine next honor just in case all right i think that's gonna be today won't be on tomorrow until i don't know today afternoon evening maybe how this race goes and if they're like an off party see what i can get on these bottom damage oh global fails damage with war cries what the
[04:39:32] That's a GG Jewel. Holy shit. Stun Builder? That's not even that bad. Rage? When hit? That's not... GG Jewel. Actually, that's 2013. What's the end goal?
[04:39:57] What's the end goal? Well, I'm playing hardcore soapy balls, so To beat the game, I guess do all the challenges on hardcore But the actual build is gonna be a war cry spamming special cry earthshatter build so I'll be putting down a special warrior totems via special bond, so I'll get tons of spirit
[04:40:23] And I'll spam war cries to explode the earth chatter spikes, apply corrupted blood. Hopefully I can just use corrupted blood purely for clear as well. Totems are just for like killing tanky mobs. And then with this howling beast, I'll apply critical weakness. And I'll have my totems crit a ton. So yeah, it's like a combo war cry totem build. No worries, Sophie. We're just gonna have to go now.
[04:41:14] Better wait. I need to be well rested for tomorrow's race But it's gonna take a while because I'm playing hardcore So yeah, I'm going a bit slower than I quite a bit slower than I know. It's a good chess piece The hybrid is not who I should harm single resurrection. Yes seriously All right. Thank you. So be alright Gigi's watching here
[04:42:21] It'll be on tomorrow evening. It's honestly my best bet. Bye-bye.
