[00:00:57] Let me in. I don't think the queue is going to be there. Test, test, test. Why don't I do that? What we could do now. Get. Filter may be ready. Oh, I don't have a link for what I'm going to play. It's one of the things where I'm not. This is hardcore. I guess it might as well link to my old build. Yo, Ito. Welcome in. Welcome in. Ito, how do I still have subscribers? I have eight subscribers still. How's that? What? I don't think I've streamed for like three months.
[00:02:24] Die hard fans about you're one of them. Oh, I know, you know I check that I check yourself Yeah, I guess it's all the subs. Yeah, I'll be updated commands up my you know And I'll add in warbringer It's not technically a new build be temple For me, but yes, yes more like a rehash or
[00:03:49] hmm a rework i guess maybe that's more of a right word reforged there is a pub yes uh let me see you but oh awesome i would love to hear that eleanor glad you're enjoying it there's been a bit of concern with the balrog build because of you know how it got changed a tiny bit in 0.5 but
[00:04:21] I'd do some testing. It's still a good build. People seem to do just fine. It's perfect for least art. It's just so cheap. It's hard to scale super high-end, but... No, it didn't get nerfed. No, it didn't get nerfed. The version you were playing has not been nerfed, no. When I first made it in 0.4 and then over to 0.5...
[00:04:47] They made it so that triggers such as the footsteps from Ancestral Cry and the Walking Calamity Meteors can't trigger spells anymore. Which made it a bit... It didn't really make it that much worse. Because you didn't trigger spells anyway for most content. Spells never procced while you were clearing. There's many for rares.
[00:05:17] uh and then you can for various you're using molten crash and molten crash still proc spells so and then i made a titan version in 0.5 as well to accommodate for that just in case i actually updated the titan version very recently with crit setup i should have it i was kind of messing around with the titan for a lot and i didn't find anything too special with it and then i was like wait a second just give it a scepter and get crit uh let's see here
[00:06:01] oh i need to get it i mean i i know i say zero button people like i have that little asterisk like it is zero button once you click those two buttons and but you can press molten crash you know you can press successful car you don't have to but i mean that's a warrior totem and stuff
[00:06:35] Oh, I also changed all of the guides, Alonor. I don't know if he noticed. Apparently, I didn't know this. Well, I suspected it. I suspected this for a long time, but I didn't confirm. But apparently, Forge Hammer. Yeah, so Forge Hammer, this does not stack with other fissures. So fissures from like Fear of the Mountain and Forge Hammer, they can't do damage at the same time. Only one does damage.
[00:07:08] So I removed Forge Hammer from both the endgame and the Titan, both of these, because Multicrash was going to do the one doing most of the damage anyway. So it was just kind of annoying, right? It was just annoying. Like, you were just being annoying. So I just replaced it with Elemental Weakness. So Elemental Weakness is just a big damage boost to everything. So both builds have Elemental Weakness now, and it should... Like, I was like, before I had tons of... I still have it. I still have...
[00:07:37] fire penetration which i think is still good for clear because you don't want to cast curses for clear right but for bosses especially now that they've nerfed resistances on bosses this is a big damage boost like an arbiter no not arbiter on the arbiter of divinity this is like 20 or 30 more damage which is insane and you're not casting any more skills because you're using this instead of infernal uh force hammer
[00:08:18] Now I'm going to play this old build. I guess I can favorite it now maybe. This one. This is what the Warcry build was before the gem link. I had to use totems for single target. The Corrupting Cry just wasn't that good back in the day. It was good enough to clear early on, but it kind of fell off. So I'm going to reconfigure this into...
[00:08:50] a build that can be played in 0.5 or 0.55 this current version is like technically playable but it before you scale strength and stuff which i don't do anymore so i haven't updated anything though yet actually what can i do i update stuff here yeah this version was so cool though this version was so cool and they were like you know what let's nerf hate forage into unusability
[00:09:32] They nerfed this build so many times. Mid-league as well. Like, builds did not get nerfed mid-league. But for some reason, they had to nerf this one. Which is just... I don't understand. It wasn't even that good. I think it was pretty good. But it wasn't, like, good compared to, like, some of the meta builds, right? I think it just lagged our servers so much. Because you spawn so many totems. They had to cap it at 10. And then after they cap it at 10, they, like, nerfed the attack speed. And then they nerfed Hatewatch. Uh...
[00:10:06] Eleanor, yes, there is a workaround. You shouldn't lose any buffs. If you do, it means you configure it a bit incorrectly. So, where do I have this? Frequently Asked Questions? No, no, no. Do I have this Frequently Asked Questions? Yes, here we go. Why is it such a director when I swap the human form? You need to have it selected for both sets, not just set one.
[00:10:38] And then what you need to do is you actually need to select it for set two first, then set one. Because if you put it in set one, it won't let you select set two. It's super weird. There's so many weird, like, finicky bugs. Can I swap the Magnet for Talisman with Ignite Magnitude? Yeah, sure. Of course. This is one of those... What did I put in here? I put Spirit, I mean, yeah. You can use anything you want. You don't need Spirit, then, for sure. I do think this is really good. Like...
[00:11:10] This allows you to ramp endurance charges a lot faster early. And basically always have endurance charges, right? But the other two, you know, it's whatever. Yeah, I don't know. That would be pretty unviable to weapon swap if every time you lose your Ancestral Kroy. It's weird though. It's so buggy because it gives you the armor of the bear. So it gives you the bear armor when you swap. So you have like floating textures. Anyway, but it still works.
[00:11:47] Because the thing with the ignite magnitude, Eleanor, is that our ignites aren't doing that much damage, right? We have so many small hits that the ignites aren't doing that much. But what they are doing is that they're giving us more energy for comets, right? But the problem is, I think on bosses, I'm not 100% sure about this, but I think that every hit we do with Molten Crash is enough to trigger one comet.
[00:12:13] which means uh getting more ignite chance or ignite duration ignite magnitude uh doesn't actually give you any more comments i think i mean if you're doing it on the titan version then i guess hard to say was because attack damage also means more ignite right it's not in magnitude ignite magnitude is a uh a separate multiplier right act one what are you oh wait i have this here don't i was your copy
[00:13:06] oh this is gonna be annoying track build can i not like set a character to do this no that's not the one back build here we go okay i'd select the character first for now we're not gonna uh maybe just delete this for now we'll delete all of this uh if i fix this this is with it let's do this end game utilizes testro earth shatter
[00:14:41] add this to all um i guess we can have this just in case we don't want people to hate people in case people clicking on this guide expecting actually what i planned is this bill good great question yeah i don't know you see i chatted with aion and actually said ignite does proc more comment i don't know is it wrong forever i mean no that's correct illinois that is correct ignite yeah so ignite magnitude would indeed proc more comments yeah as i explained
[00:15:31] the thing is but there's a cap right it's weird so each ignite can only give you a maximum of 100 energy right you can only proc one comet any more than that and it's wasted so this build i don't know i usually don't like saying like oh you should try the thing that i'm trying right because i don't know i don't know if it'll be good well it'll be solid i think it'll be solid but i'm gonna be playing hardcore right
[00:15:59] And that's one of the things I like about this build is that it's a bit more hardcore-oriented. It's slower. It's, like, it's not as comfy as other builds. But it'll be somewhat League Star friendly. I personally would not follow this, though. I wouldn't follow what I'm doing unless you're really interested in playing a warrior. Yeah. Until I can, like, showcase what it becomes, right? But it's definitely going to be a slower, like, a bit more buttons and stuff, so.
[00:16:34] There's plenty of other good builds. You know, I know... Honestly, I know... I don't know why. I mean, I guess people can do what they want, but PopGun made this build. No, he didn't make this build. He made a guide for the build. Specifically. This build was already out there. You know, I prefer Josiah Yeet, but... This guide's honestly pretty good. It's well explained, right? But isn't it a solid build? It'll get you pretty far.
[00:17:09] gonna play something i have then i can you can try this build the fart finder if you haven't already i updated it recently to now use chevron's satchel so it solves the recovery and like defense a bit quite a bit early on because before it was kind of like iffy without mage blood and that's never a good sign right but now i think with chevron's satchel it's gonna be pretty solid the only problem with this build though is that it's it has a lot of moving parts so there's a lot that can go wrong
[00:17:39] But it's a one button build, like super smooth. It's definitely, once you get this build online, it's like my best build ever. But as for the gear, it can get kind of expensive, especially here. Not like meta super expensive, but it can get expensive. And the single target, it's not that great early on either. That's what I recommend. And the reason I recommend that is because you actually want like a build with CI doing chaos damage, which is what this is, poison, right?
[00:18:13] uh because of the new trial the new trial of chaos will be probably i mean it's one of the only things the new content in the game right so you only want to try the new content and this will be good to ignore a lot of the mods in the chaos trial i had a pob didn't i wrong pob i've seen that you can go you can go like here so this this smash i think is good but maybe it's not that good don't get that much damage though like getting nice it's just two points to get so much damage
[00:19:44] up here and you go down here so this is one two three four five six one is one two three four five six seven eight nine ten
[00:19:55] two three four five six seven eight nine ten yeah okay i can see why they go for that do i don't need to go this direction either so we can go one two three four five two hold in one right no two one two three four oh that's only i actually gained a lot of points yeah i think that's fine need these nodes here roaring cries let me just swap some of this though oh that works
[00:21:07] 120 points here. I think this is mandatory to get some data we have. What else can I do? No worries, Eleanor. I'd like to respond to messages in chat. Shaman Calamity. Oh, right. I've not tried Shaman Calamity. I will say that the Balrog build can 100% be adjusted to work on a Shaman. The thing about Shaman...
[00:21:55] The thing about Shaman is that you don't want to take this node here. You can't take this node. This could be pretty cool. Druidic Champion. But you do lose Fire Spell on hits. Because the problem with Calamity on Shaman is that this makes... Actually, I'm not sure about Calamity, but I know Accessible Cry, the steps, consume rage every time you take a step. And if you have any kind of supports, you basically delete your rage. But I've not tried...
[00:22:31] shaman with calamity are you talking about maybe this one apocalypse what do you mean like just walking calamity because i've not i've not done bear shaman at all oh shit q's up oh no i didn't notice 1000s q's up q's up log in log in one you want to go this 12 area you go for this just for 12 area i don't know okay what level is this level 18 okay not too bad
[00:24:02] surprisingly but still that's like end of act one though is it actually that's set one you pretty want to go oh no rip eleanor i mean i to be fair i don't think this league is there's not going to be as many people here for this like league event season uh compared to like a normal season so i doubt the queue will be that big this is very interesting raise shields and flick parrot like that's
[00:25:13] A lot. I wonder if this is like genuinely your best set. Actually, whoa. I just realized how good this is. This could actually be insane. On hit. Wait, on hit. Wait, what does that mean? Raise shield. You actually have to hit with raise shield? When I get hit. Is when I get hit? Two seconds isn't that great. But still. It could be pretty crazy. This is act one. Act two.
[00:26:32] Actually, I don't think I'll even have this by Act 2. I'm not really sure what I'll do by Act 2. I could go Resilute Technique. I really want some block. I want to go, like, here, probably. Defense. This. I actually want that to be good. Because we need to go over here, potentially. Move all-in on totems? I don't know about that. What was this? 31. This, I guess? I don't know. Oh, crap.
[00:29:40] Rename to 3. 3 is going to be different. I'm going to try out OG. It's one of those things where all the builds I make guides for, I usually, you know, I'm either already playing it or I have played it, right? So beware. Now, of course, this is a re-endition of an old build, so the theory should be fine, but it still has a lot of new stuff in it. And I'm going to play hardcore.
[00:30:33] just disclaimer if you want yeah of course you can find uh i will what i'll do i'm not sure yet what i'll do i might just put it on the moba i can post the pobs i guess but the problem is usually when i make pobs i end up like completely switching up a lot of stuff anyway when i actually play my character i don't want to bait like i don't want to like tell people to do something and then i just completely do something else you know
[00:31:07] So ideally, people just, you know, follow me on stream. If they want to play the build that I'm playing, they can follow my stream, right? And I'll usually update as I go along. Thank you, ReaperShell. I appreciate that. Why are you going the Corrupting Cry gently again, Reaper? I mean, just FYI. Well, I think you already were in the Discord, right? Telling me that you were unsure, right? But you know that you can't start it, right? You have to do a separate build.
[00:31:41] for a gem for a mercenary that's fine oh yeah oh gee yeah i mean still honestly like when it comes to my builds the pathfinder is the one i've been done the most uh and it's it's also what i end my leagues on because i feel like i can invest a lot into it and it just feels so smooth and good and this this version in 0.5 is no different right it's not as it's much definitely a lot more expensive though
[00:32:20] than what the 0.1 version used to be which was like you know equip some items equip the boots equip like high level brutes and you just like kill everything not like that anymore but still pretty good fair enough reaper shell fair enough yeah it doesn't like a good plan i i don't think the i think the build works fine it's just there's some obviously like sanctifying is going to be quite difficult early on but i don't think you i don't think you need to sanctify
[00:32:52] Like the amulet, you already know that you don't need the amulet, right? All the other stuff is cheap, right? It's just getting that last. It's like going from the 80% to the 100% is like the really expensive part. Once you got packs packed, I think you'll blast through at least the first couple tiers of maps. Okay, so new. Okay, this is like minimum. We go for increased area tax. Maybe we don't go for that, actually. I guess it doesn't matter. We don't want to...
[00:33:39] oh wait wait wait wait we go something like this actually yeah that's the thing that's actually a good now that you imagine that's one of the reasons why i don't play the pathfinder at the start of the league because i know once i played pathfinder i don't want to play anything else because nothing else feels as good i mean that applies to the corrupting fire build as well honestly but luckily that's why i played pathfinder after and also why um when i played the shaman the bjolnir build
[00:34:52] I just wasn't satisfied no matter what I was doing. What little is this? This is little 45. Damn. What can we get? I mean, maybe we don't go for this. We're going here anyway. Okay, we're going there anyway. It's little 49. Jesus. There's nothing I can put on set 2, is there? I guess I can put this on set 2. But you kind of want this. You need that extra life regen.
[00:36:04] what's everyone asking death of the micro transactions playing yeah firefighter yeah i mean both corrupting fire and farfinder on like that same tier i do think farfinder kind of scales higher though many because it just has more scaling options right if you use i guess you can go here you don't i kind of want the tax feed though not that that'll work this is really good for forge hammer little 49 character which
[00:37:31] Not really Act 3. It's like end of Act 3. You can like remove this. I don't know. You need this. You need this. Otherwise, you just can't sustain War Cries that early. I was testing it. It's just terrible. Also, before you... Well, if you're not already in the queue, make sure to change your settings to DirectX 12 if your PC can handle that. Now that I fixed that. It actually changes a lot for my streaming as well because now I can stream capture the game a lot easier.
[00:39:01] what about kind of gear you can get at this level the synergy though if you want to look at what i'm actually planning to do grit like just this node here is pretty cool it allows me to basically apply maximum critical weakness with just by spamming war cries and of course this one which gives me damage when i apply war cries and it just buffs up my totems to an insane degree because normally well i guess now that totems can use your weapon it's easier to skill crit but this way it's even easier to skill crit
[00:39:44] I wonder if these nodes actually work. I'm not really sure how that worked. I assume once my totem's crit, it cancels them critting, so it won't get that anymore. Or if it snapshots from me. What's up to say?
[00:39:55] shots for me i'll be using essential bronze now instead of endurance charges to get totems problem is the defenses the defense is not bad warbringer is a pretty tanky class but i don't know if it's enough i have this wheel and that's it i think that's literally it i have block right i have block i don't think that's enough i think i need to watch my armor if i can get armor on jewels maybe that's fine
[00:40:42] Why does it say reduced armor break taken? Why can't this just be immune to armor break? Like genuinely. There's nothing that removes evasion. Well, I guess it's technically. There's stuff that reduces evasion, not removes it entirely. You have this note. Wait. Give this note here. Sanguine tolerance. Immune to corrupted blood. This might be a really good anoint in this league. If you can do Temple of Chaos. I do want to go this note. This note is pretty cool.
[00:41:47] you know that no we can do that but he's also on powered attacks this is 16 though oh my god oh my god oh my wait is that true yo reaper you listening in just get that on julia i have armor but guys guys guys guys guys this is gonna exist how do i say oh my god that's insane
[00:43:04] That's so insane. That's gonna make the build like 1 billion times cheaper. It has to be socketed in a weapon. Which isn't really a problem. Is that a problem? I don't think it's a problem. Yeah, so we're just using double spirit, right? Which we kind of do need, don't we? How would we get 15? You can get it on boots, I think. Right? Maybe? Oh no, that's a... No, it's not a socket, is it? You don't really want spirit on your amulet. Yeah, that would be...
[00:44:28] hmm what would you drop there's nothing you can't really drop anything that's so interesting though oh my god that actually makes the build like one times just significantly cheaper significantly cheaper okay how do i'm gonna add this to common new soul core in weapon five plus one two war price so reaper shell the in the dark microtransactions i saw
[00:45:21] We can look in the chat when I post it, but there's going to be new soul cores, right? They're adding new soul cores. And one of the soul cores is plus one Warcry skill gems. That's nuts for us. Like that's, oh my, it just, it just solves a lot of problems, right? You still do need, like I, it means you don't need a sanctified, I don't know what's easier, the gloves or a sanctified weapon, but.
[00:45:58] Basically, it solves a lot, right? Just one less level you need to get to squeeze out, right? Well, that's a nice buff. Real nice for us. Is the bear build still good? Yes, bear build is still good. I also made some changes this recently to buff it up. So if you want to play the Titan version, you have crit now. And both versions also have...
[00:48:28] a mental weakness instead of doing that weird, instead of using Forge Hammer. Forge Hammer was honestly clunky and it was doing literally nothing because fissures don't stack, apparently. So, yeah. So Reaper, you're up. You're big. I mean, I don't know how expensive that thing's going to be, but I doubt it's going to be that expensive, right? More expensive than squeezing out a plus one somewhere else. Isn't Sesh the Thrag Cry thing bugged? The only thing that's bugged with Balrog is that...
[00:49:08] Well, there's a couple things, but nothing that breaks the build or anything. This one here, so in patch 2.5, you need to socket a separate Ancestral Cry. I put that in a bar because then you can see how much it charges up. But it still works, right? You can also just spam Ferocious Roar when you have like six endurance charges. Usually you have enough glory by then. It basically just, it's harder to tell when you can use Ancestral Cry. That's what changed.
[00:49:44] And there's also this thing where this one... That's not the bug. Actually, which one? This one where you have... If you walk into Abyssal Depths, it randomly deactivates Successful Cry sometimes. Yeah. But nothing that breaks the build, I would say. True, yeah. Reaper Shell, true. Yeah, I wonder how I'm going to figure out the spirit. Great question. I mean, 100%. It's mandatory to have the plus one. It's not mandatory, but you definitely want the plus one, right? What would you drop? I guess you... I don't know what you'd drop.
[00:50:31] gloves maybe it means you can have like actual good gloves not really actually it means on this version you don't need the helmet right wait is this one even camera wait does this one have oh yeah yeah because i have the the here right the physical mastery yes you don't need the little uh i think yeah you yeah it means you don't need the copic orb or you don't need to sanctify so either one of those either you go and go copy sword or you don't go for sanctify
[00:51:19] is probably the cheapest. Or, I guess, technically, Prism of Belief as well. To be fair, Prism of Belief will not exist early League, right? So, hard to say how that one still matters. It wasn't cheap anyway either, right? Might be even more expensive now. Yeah, I should probably get a filter going, right? Well, keep in mind, like, 40 is the max Reaper. You can't go over 40. Like, on my character, I have 40. Well, I took out the support gem for plus one Fizz.
[00:52:25] Because I have 41 of my character. So I added an AoE. Which is nice. It means you get an extra support gem, right? AoEs. That's pretty cool. How does this website work now? What the? Oh, cancel. How does this work? Campaign. Warrior. Here we go. Here we go. One Sephtis as well. Yeah. That's probably enough, honestly. Oh, thank you so much for the sub, Reaper. Appreciate it. Did I get some emotes? I mean, I don't know, man. Did you notice, Reaper, that I still had subs?
[00:54:34] Well, I guess you can't notice that, but I still had subs. I still had eight subs when I started stream. I don't understand how that's the impossible. No one's, like, forgotten to unsub. But I appreciate it. You gifted a sub before you subbed to me. Unless you already subbed? No. All right, so now we got a filter. Nothing too special. And we're kind of ready to go now, honestly. I'm just going to wing it, like I usually do. I'm just going to wing it.
[00:56:13] I'm not like other people where I make like a whole new video guide for least start this in 0.55. I feel like my other videos are fine. But losing this kind of sucks. Like this is 3% HP. This would be an interesting build to min-max. If I can even get to that point on hardcore. If I die, I'll probably just go softcore and keep playing, right? But ideally, I can keep it going hardcore. This is the interesting thing is that Cecil Bond.
[00:57:19] allows me to do this because the build didn't really work and i don't want to i don't want to transform into bear to generate endurance charges like you can but it's just slow and annoying well actually i don't know how slow it is but it's annoying because it makes you stand still and standing still just isn't good and you can't have a shield just so spread on points i actually don't want that i think i'm gonna go this that one global i don't want any good chance
[00:58:32] You could just go that true, but I feel like 10% of crit chance is just all damage. Dang it, this is 2%. Huh. You want crit chance. You want this. I feel like I'm going for these points when this is just like better in every way. Same time. Increase mana cost of skills? No thanks. Increase mana cost is just too much. We're going to go blood magic though, but it's a problem. We're going to go blood magic.
[00:59:18] I just can't. There's too many points to go for this stuff down here. I wonder if you just drop the Corrupt and Cryo build. I wonder if you just drop Glacial.
[00:59:55] Corrupted Cryo build. I wonder if you just drop. Glacial. Initially. Just don't use arctic armor. I mean. It's a lot of armor though. You get from this. But. It's one of those things where. Do you need it? I don't know. Armor isn't that great. On this build anyway. The rest you can't drop. Like. Magnum Barrel is too important. You have some dodge. And a Herald of Blood. Be fair. You could drop Herald of Blood. I don't know how much it's doing. But it just looks cool. Right? But you don't have to use Herald of Blood. Either. Let me get some water.
[01:02:07] what's my full-time job i'm a software engineer reaper programmer probably mainly front end i'm fixing maybe that explains something i don't know uh you can't uh od it unfortunately no you can't uh you can't that it just won't work prompting cry one is a level three no tier three support gem so that won't work until at minimum three right
[01:03:02] and even then at that point you want to use fortify and cry right so it won't work until act three but spamming you can't spam on gem link right and you kind of need echo and cry to get three and sustain the cry without it like falling off or it just taking way too long to kill stuff do you want echo and cry and echoing cry is a tier five support which i think it comes in like end of act four act four-ish
[01:03:38] well fortifying cry technically does damage if you use shield skills uh seismic cry also does damage but it's not it's not significant enough to kill anything it's not it's just no it's not viable in the campaign so unfortunately it's not you can't war cry you can play jumbling and swap when you're in when you get to like that reaper the guy in chat he's flying to do uh just your normal like jumbling leveling build i'm not sure what leveling build he's gonna do but i'm guessing like grenades or something right
[01:04:09] uh until you get to honestly until you get to pax pack which is you know 65 plus right might even be longer than that because you because pax pack won't it depends on i mean i i'm guessing we're not all speed runners right so it probably will exist by the time you're there if you go to sleep right this is pretty common it's still like a unique drop from a unique map i'm guessing if you can find that map yourself it's like 50 chance of dropping or something like that
[01:04:47] yeah you're gonna have to play something else grenades some people doing like a whirling twisting uh willing twist whirling twisters is that what it's called the scene willing willing twisters if you want to play war cries like i'm going to playing war cries as a lead starter on a war bringer though which is just a different build it's like more of a totem build at least for single target i've heard that yeah there's other ways od there's like uh who has this see here
[01:05:29] Is it anime princess? Is that who it is? No, no, it wasn't anime princess. Who was it? I don't know. Is it this one? No, it's Twister Gemling. It wasn't anime princess. It was like some girl. I can't remember her name. Anime princess, I'm pretty sure it was a guy. Wait. I didn't think of what it was. But yeah, it was something that I was basically used. Freezing shards? Freezing bolts? No, freezing.
[01:07:10] The shotgun. That's like frost shotgun into the non-frost shotgun. It like does clear his campaign decently. Karma frost. Yes. Karma frost builds. Practition rounds. Yep. Yes. Lazy exile. Yes. Lazy exile. 100%. You're right. Yep. That's the one. No, it's not her. Damn, it's not her. Okay. Wait. No, no, no. Wait. No, no. Yes. In her...
[01:08:28] Yeah, in her totem build, she has a leveling guide. Okay, this is a totem build, though. The gem lane? Yeah, she does do the fragmentation round stuff. She goes into totems afterwards. That's what I was thinking of, though. Oh, Pawnee Hoof. I mean, all respect to Pawnee Hoof, honestly. Turn it around. His Pv4 stuff has honestly not been that bad.
[01:09:18] It's just, you know, he has a bad taste in my mouth after the viewbotting allegations. Or it wasn't really allegations. It was more than proven. Half AI thumbnails too. Oof. I guess that's part of the course. Oh, I can't really tell from his videos which one he's talking about. Yeah, his guides aren't bad. Guides are... Oh, yeah. Oh, true. Supporting fire could be actually really solid. You're right. Honestly, supporting fire might be it. Oh, Pox did this. Interesting.
[01:11:08] This is three months ago, though. So this is three months. He's gonna have mage blood. I don't know if this is a league start. Oh, I've never seen anyone use that helmet. Create vacuity? Huh. Valid bro. I don't know. I guess it kind of is. Oh, I see. Interesting. Okay, that's kind of cool. That is a massive sorcerer award. Holy shit. It's like hardcore build. Looking at coding boys, is there any alternative to the uniques you recommend?
[01:12:15] the uniques the uniques are dirt cheap altars aren't they if we look at this version all of these should be really cheap shouldn't they pretty sure all these uniques are cheap or maybe not the belt are you talking about act one maybe are you talking about this stuff oh i mean i assume people realize they don't need like three sockets on cost much right okay so it's act one yeah so you don't need the tabula
[01:12:48] You can play without a tabula. I mean, personally, I do recommend doing it, but you can. You don't need a tabula. Is the rest expensive? When you're saying you're broke, Alterax, do you mean, are you, have you played, do you have a character in League? Alterax. Because this build's not playable unless you have some currency. Because you need, okay. Yeah, I have. Wait, what was that an answer to?
[01:13:20] but what i mean is you you ideally want at least you know the final cry can be a five link i think at a minimum infernal cry needs to be a five link it doesn't need it doesn't need magnifier air but he's a minimum five link and you need echoing cry and corrupting kai both of those are tier five and tier three supports which you can't get like on a fresh character but if you can get that that's pretty much all you need like it's just it's just this with these four supports that's technically all you need but i highly recommend
[01:13:52] some of these items uh the helmet and the shield i think the helmet and shield are like really good the rest is whatever like or the rest is not mandatory but the helmet and the shield i would recommend and the the four supports here and the four uh uh five link right yeah corrupting rings is not a starter not a starter it doesn't have the it's a bit confusing but there is a
[01:14:21] There's a starter tag here, which I've not added, right? I do not have that starter tag. Hey, awesome, Anthur. Yeah, the bear build is very solidly starter. It's pretty cheap. You know, you don't need much to get it to work. I also made some updates to the build, actually, recently as well. So it should be a bit better than before in the endgame or in that area, though. But yeah, the Corrupting Cry build is not a starter, unfortunately, because all of this stuff, you need Tier 4 or...
[01:15:05] uh tier five supports at minimum tier five supports you can't get uh level one right wait what you're gonna try this altarx you're gonna try this build for the the new league yeah so at 100 yeah you need to so i don't you can't you can't use any of this stuff act or act one to four none of this stuff you want to do you kind of want to start when you can get stuff from well
[01:15:43] Yeah, you kind of want to start when you can get stuff from the endgame. Except that you don't need the boots and you don't need the belt. But everything else you kind of want, right? I personally would not start. Because by the time you get to endgame, right? Then you kind of need more damage. Which means you want packs packed. Without packs packed, it's probably doable. But it would just be miserable, right? I think. So you kind of want to wait until you can get a packs packed.
[01:16:18] And I don't know when you're going to get that. You know the Pana MTX works with bear build? It does unique mess it up. I do know. I do know. I'm pretty sure that MTX overrides the weapon. Yes. Pretty sure MTX overrides the weapon. Because I remember I tried out the crocodile. And the crocodile overrode the Balrog skin. So it should work. Yeah. Sadly. Wait. Nethershock. You know that? Oh wait. Does it not work? Sadly no.
[01:17:04] Wait, it doesn't actually work. Oh, I thought it worked. You bought? Oh, Riff. Shit, I didn't think the unique didn't replace, huh? Because I remember I had the crocodile and the crocodile overrode it. Didn't it? Maybe I'm thinking incorrectly here. Yeah, there was a lot of bugs around the MTX of that. I know that much. Yeah, exactly. Altarx, yeah. Fortunately, you know, this is a very good campaign build if it's not your first character, right?
[01:17:55] unfortunately it cannot be played as your first character that's maybe a good thing well we'll see once the next league comes around right that's probably gonna get nerfed into the ground who knows if any of the other seasons and my new and my builds are precedent then my shit usually gets completely deleted even though it's not like meta uh but uh you know the fact that you can't start it means that not everyone's playing it right if you can start this as a league starter then
[01:18:24] I don't think anyone would play anything else. I mean, the thing about gemling, right? Nothing about gemling makes this build, right? So you can play this on, like, you don't have to play. Well, other than the plus two to strength gems. I think that's pretty important. It's not mandatory. Especially with, like, now that we got plus one, the new plus one here, the soul core. That's going to help a bit.
[01:18:54] But I don't think they would nerf that. I think they're going to nerf the ult qualities. And we're not abusing an ult quality, right? We are using the one that gives us dodge distance, right? But we can live without dodge distance. It's time to ball work again and then swap corrupting. I guess that works. But then you have to make another character. But I guess if you're okay with that, then I agree with her. Yeah, it's a bit ridiculous.
[01:19:37] The problem with gem lane is that it makes so many skills just way better. So much better. No matter what ascendancy you are, the skill is just so powerful. That gem lane just sucks. And plus two levels of any skill gem is just really good too. So it kind of counteracts any damage loss you would have gained.
[01:19:55] skill gem is just really good too so it kind of counteracts any damage loss you would have gained or like lost from another ascendancy defensively though you know generally is pretty weak i say that and then you have you know the old quality of uh magma barrier giving you like 10 max block which is absurd arctic armor gives you like a 200 armor or some dumb shit pretty mean true yeah but i i don't think we don't have quite immune on our character right
[01:20:33] You don't take gem-studded. Take adaptive. In an ideal world, you would take gem-studded, but I think there's just too much pain to gear around that it's not worth it. Just take adaptive capability and you can forget about having to worry about the cast on dodge stat requirements. Oh, you did, Reaper? I see, I see. This has been pretty min-maxing the build, though.
[01:21:08] that's one thing i want on this build on the build i want to play is warner's courage rana's carnage it gives you oh i didn't i couldn't find the mod on pob but i see here modifies here we go this one here like these two like this node here recover five percent of max life when you use war cry is actually really powerful for this build is that with the node gives you seven percent every time you work right
[01:22:03] which like you just spam that and you're full hp instantly it doesn't mean that though like the war cry or the corrupting cry aspect of this build will definitely take a sideline hopefully it's enough to like kill white mobs and blue mobs but it will definitely not be enough to killing bosses fair enough river fair enough sorry making a good build okay there's plenty of other goods builds though i'm sure like we play a build with like a lot higher damage you know like totems or something i guess it just doesn't feel like
[01:22:44] The gameplay does make a big part of it, right? Make sure you're not doing the most damage. Maybe you're not that fast. But you're really tanky and you're just super smooth. That's what people want. And decently fast. I think it's actually really fast. I guess damage eventually does make you go slower, right? Yeah. But to be fair, Reaper, a lot of builds can play well content and get all challenges.
[01:23:19] i guess all content is one of the things where people have different interpretations of what that means like does that mean you have to do juiced expeditions or does that just mean you can kill awful bosses right personally i think it just means kill all bosses i guess challenges too i think that yeah i wonder how expensive these are level 70 too bad oh yeah that sounds like it has to get damage yeah how much most common builds just vaporize
[01:24:11] 14 exalts was actually dirty. It was just 14 exalts. That's so cheap. Almost time, almost time. Oh, I can't stream that long today, though. I don't know. We'll see when I go to bed, but it will have to be like maximum three hours, I think. Maybe even less. Funnily enough, if you give me a dollar for every time I had to do a race on League Start the next day, like a running race.
[01:25:08] I'd have two dollars. But the fact that it happened twice in one year is funny. Because tomorrow I'm doing a race. Seven kilometer run with the obstacle course elements, apparently. I'm betting I'll be broken after that, but we'll see how it goes. Yeah, it's 10 p.m. for me too, yeah. Oh, work on Saturday? Oh, that's rough. Life indeed. I mean, it's an event league, you know. I think it's fine to just take it easy.
[01:26:24] there's no point like rushing it dude my brothers three minutes i'm playing hardcore which i'm definitely not prepared for just kind of yoloing it sure'll be fun before i die like first boss three hours to hit maps that is very ambitious i think realistically it's six to five hours if you're speeding for like an average player an average like tuned in player
[01:27:45] it's probably gonna take me even longer if i don't want to rush and die i mean i i would consider myself a campaign enjoy as well but part of enjoying the campaign is going fast though i think like once the campaign takes like 10 hours your best was 12 hours damn was it like the shorter the campaign takes the more fun it is i think but the more you can like tolerate it maybe i still like the campaign though i think i played through how many times i think i played it through the campaign four or five times last week
[01:28:26] to be fair i played a lot last thing and i also had you know i also played the the twink uh crofting cry through two of those i believe true true reaper true that's also why i like playing the build that i'm like something close to the build at least even from like level one or whatever even when i could play like a wink or build or a leveling build right because i want i want to feel that progression
[01:29:14] my character like getting stronger like finally getting to equip his stuff feels a bit better than going like a twink's twink setup into like putting all the items for another character oh you think nether shock that's titan you gotta keep in mind that concuss titan has can't like getting the support gem will be pretty difficult or at least early on but again it's not like last league it was pretty difficult to get to so like end game even though it's common
[01:29:57] true it's yeah i mean that's it's just a popular build you know minimal buttons auto gameplay i'm moving i think wait is he moving it no oh here it is okay 66 didn't get in get in this is the third option hardcore yeah it's another i mean it's a name i guess
[01:31:02] skidoo shouted hard hardcore i'm hardcore i'm hardcore get that mindset get that hardcore mindset i think i've yet to play hardcore to end game i think that's in there so then i go oh you can't respawn a checkpoint on a on a hardcore character i forgot about that i guess i'll just use the shield bash i think personally i'm not as fast as dual wielding but i'd be very careful about sprinting too
[01:32:22] I can't just, like, I can pause, but I have to log out. It doesn't necessarily save you. Not currently, Toki. No. I have an old guide, which has very similar leveling setup. Like, the leveling setup is basically the same. The Warbringer guide there. But the actual, what I'm planning to do, like, endgame or, like, late campaign is not on there.
[01:33:39] All right, Toki. Yeah, I mean, you know, it's just, yeah, exactly. Follow what I do on stream and stuff. I'm pretty sure I'll be streaming all of it, right? It's one of those things where I don't like recommending something that I haven't tried. Pretty counterproductive to what most streamers do, but contra creators, I guess. Damn, he died in position one ladder. Rip. He died too. Shit, so many people are dying. I need a better weapon than this. I want to find the two of these.
[01:35:57] New britches? I'm out of flasks. That's not good. What was the checkpoint? Holy shit, there's mobs here? Oh my goodness. That's new. Holy shit. Get better weapon. Thank you so much for the Prime, Feargood. Appreciate that. AC Warburg. Wait, I'm doing the... Don't tell me I have to do the boss again. That would suck. Oh my goodness.
[01:37:47] Okay, I did not expect how hard this was gonna be. Oh my god, I did the boss again. You're joking. Oh, she has less HP, it seems. Holy shit, you can get some good sh- Oh, that's good. Yeah, yeah, yeah. Yeah, who knows? Oh, you can get- Oh, no. I need to be very careful doing that round of mobs, huh? Great Helms, Stalking Bobs. Still in the zone. I do think it's worth doing the Mud Burrow, because you want to do this boss thing.
[01:39:47] you want to do this boss so you can get uniques some other level uniques would be good ring as well
[01:39:55] Good ring as well. Shit. I don't want to sell the belt. Oh my god, that's a good belt. That weapon is... We want to go here and then we want to teleport back. Oh, does it not have a... I'm sure it's fine. I know what I had, I guess. This is going to be interesting.
[01:42:47] I like this thing where it changes up the campaign quite a bit. It's also going to make it take a lot longer. Oh, no. We don't have to kill her yet. Oh, no. We haven't activated the... Right. We have to activate this now, and then we get another boss. Which is way less HP, though. Let's go. Oh, boy. Ooh, great hammer. Nice. Oh, my God. That's insane. Crossbow. He transmutes.
[01:45:13] Just have lightning damage added and we just get all the transmits more shield to You can buy a 100 weapon do bone shatter It gives me that That's a good mace Well, that's an even better one. That's an even better one. Let's wait 200 go I dance
[01:46:55] Oh, that's a good maze too. But yeah, that's pretty good. I want to try and get this one skill jump. Get Earthquake. What? Should be on set one only. Did I miss it? Is it like... No way it's on the other side of the map. It really is. Wow. It is, yeah. Mysterious Camp. Okay, Earthquake. Oh, for now, I think we're going to have this set. I think Shield is just too good. I have one-handed weapons.
[01:50:09] the one-handed does so much damage that wasn't enough to stun auto attack baby and this guy has less hp than worm that's a cool helmet and fire damage attacks why not it's like this before it's level six already i'm slowing down it's been many years doing good damage holy shit that'll be good damage another tier one support what do we use that on do we use it on brink yeah i think we do that was there
[01:54:04] I've never seen so many mushrooms this far from the tangle. There'll be no passage here for now. I don't think I need to do it. Oh, the room tangles. The game also feels a lot smoother. I think I have a lot more FPS than I did before because I can finally run DirectX 12 without my game just crashing. Oh, it's not. These were not my ancestors. I'm going to know you. I'm pretty far behind.
[01:56:35] But I say sorry. Why not stunning those guys? Why are they so stun resistant? Oh, nice. She's got currency. Big. Ooh. Better. I can't get both ripped. Oh, no. Can I get both? I can't get both. Oh, damn. Artifice Orvers was good, though. Yeah, that's so weird. Ooh, armor piece. I knew that.
[01:59:26] Oh, big. That is nice. Okay, where are you?
[02:00:12] oh that's what we're talking about i would ask anything take your fancy it's fine work father i still have much to learn two or three i think we go four shockwave minion levels save this nope wait don't i have oh come on that's not oh wait no
[02:02:30] Last back. Ooh, lagging though. Why is that lag? Better. I'm assuming he's just shaders coming first time. Nope. A lot more apparently. They're doing that boss. Holy shit. That's evil. Why did that guy teleport? Is he still a mob? And the last guy again. God dang. Hopefully we get a good unique now. It's not terrible. This is not bad. But it's not great.
[02:06:38] Honestly, it's dog shit. Or at least it's dog shit. Actually, maybe this one's genuinely like damage. Let's try this. Okay, we got the Shockwave Totem as well. Damage Shockwave Totem. I think we go over Abundance first. Final Cry, I guess. Wait, does this work? It doesn't work. I guess it doesn't count as a slam skill I used. Pace is terrible. Pretty solid gear. Gloves on.
[02:09:38] I do the tech on so I can't do this concert last action that slams you don't last that long those totems should have on tax speed instead do one shot no what I could do is this actually works on the double or that's actually really strong change the entire pack where look up or literally everything I'm left
[02:13:30] Let me have to go smash, eh? Just more damage. Dead end. I should have known, because it's the end. Oh, no. Is it this way? Nah. See how much damage it does. That's pretty good damage. That's pretty good damage. Not over here. Maybe kill him again. Can I use that flask now? Ooh, that could be good. Is that good? Oh, that's way better. Shit, that thing's sucking now. Can't get the new instance, so this is level nine zone.
[02:18:54] I was about to get knocked over there, but I think knockover protection saved me. Fuck, that's scary. Life on kill. Was it?
[02:19:55] That one. Was it? Holy shit, the damage. Okay. Nice. So many mobs. That damage is nice. Distance will take. Not space for that. Get. Get. I read the telling spree. Max our gold. Do that? Nah. Let's save that.
[02:23:35] Must make them pay. Must make them suffer. I'm so scared of what move he's going to do now. I've done it before it matters. Big damage. Wait, we don't get a unique from this? No, we would.
[02:25:26] those are kind of good gloves everything here is just keep taking stuff everyone going too slow sell something else what was it supposed to those are good gloves we're not even over level wait what how are we just started this song
[02:28:03] Here's what we're gonna do is that level one It tells you where the zone is, that's cool Drops, good question. If there's gonna be drops, they should be at the top of your chat. You might refresh the stream or something. I'm not sure if there is drops though. Those are not bad either, but I don't know. Cold res? Actually, you might not hold on to those.
[02:31:10] These cows weren't just eaten. They were ripped to shreds. Okay, no sprinting in this zone. Damn, they're going the wrong way. Because you get lucky in this zone, sometimes you just never find them. Yeah. Nice. What is going on? We have an entire zone filled with these wildwood shrines.
[02:33:34] I know I can't find a single one in the zone that's supposed to have them. There we go. Which is pretty good. Stop moving. Wait, does that not give you a disable? Wait, I guess we can have that. Damn, Nikki's already in Act 2? Embarrassing.
[02:39:56] No chance. I need to look for magic packs. I heard that. What's that? Huh? It's not this way? Complete the ritual. Four uniques we're gonna get now. Okay. That's terrible. Thing is honestly insane. That's cool. I guess the hell. I mean, reduce moon speed, though. 100 life. These gloves okay. Particularly. Oh, this is 100 life. 100 life is 100 life. Today.
[02:48:16] how can i take a look shield yeah it gives i don't want any of these it's resonating i don't want to use perfect strike it's getting really close four artificial orbs i need another support though ages to get that what this gives me the entire need are these always worth doing just impact chocolate there we go should we just hold on to it wow that's 50
[02:55:33] feels like it makes a massive difference i hope so must be made to definitely should do something get rage don't raise i should have just gone for you i know who that's gonna be again you switch over to actual builds i mean okay well i used totems at like i don't know act two i used
[02:59:55] i use totems at like i don't know act two i start using totems but the actual build build when i use ancestral warrior totems and stuff like that i'm not exactly sure honestly i haven't this is the first time i'm doing it so i don't know i'm guessing it depends on how comfortable i feel with corrupting cry and stuff and if i can get good scepters i'm guessing incestable warrior totems will be pretty later on start of any game
[03:00:39] Because the totem, the normal totem setup gets you through campaign pretty easily. And I can't use Corrupting Cry until like... I guess, okay, so we're thinking about Corrupting Cry. Corrupting Cry I can't use until level 45 plus-ish, I guess. Switch Gloves. Didn't one phase him. Oh, come on, he's dead! He's literally dead! Oh my god. I nearly one phase him. That's the first time I've done that. I think. And that...
[03:04:09] How long did that take me an hour? I was 30, jeez, oof. Consumers? Drink? Next mana? Use your shield, use your shield. Oh, I found it pretty fast. Oh my god, they put this here? That's just evil. I'm gonna put it on set one. I guess we put it on set one and we can just do this for now. Oh, we can go attack speed? Attack speed, let's just give 11 to this.
[03:08:47] no is it this is 12. whoa okay i don't know is that good thank you i forgot this stuff oh all right of course what do i do with this helmet who goes my wares are renowned it's decent it's not that crazy though it's a good choice item itself requires tenant oh it's not like that
[03:11:59] I've changed my mind. Losing moves speed kind of sucks, but I think it was low HP. I'm not convinced. I think that might be really bad. Where am I even going? Could they need so much metal for? You could outfit an army with a mine of the scale. I don't know why I made the raise support. That was just kind of dumb. We would have been so much better. We're getting tier 2 supports. Other resistances are terrible. I have to put on the fire ring.
[03:19:56] Find me? What, she's still doing the move? Why? After she's stunned? That's bullshit. Oh, my God. Not again. I need a new single target set up. Not this again. Level 2 support gem. Here we go. What does we want here? Proaching ground? There's something we can get on the totems. Legend totems would be so nice, actually. I'm forgetting. Oh, we dug around one. Yeah, I think that's what I need, actually.
[03:23:28] Yeah. No move speed. Alright, Rebirth Shell. How far did you get? We leave. Eat Act 1 as well. Like, maybe. Otherwise, yeah. GG's. Thanks for hanging out. Oh, dude. Nice. Alright. That's decent. I mean, I think we can probably just get... I hear no need to rush. Before we get those vendor recipe things. Vendor...
[03:25:51] Who's going to stun now? Double totem now. This weapon I don't... Right, the parts do make a trail. Well, at least I'm tanky. It's taking so long to kill this guy. Wait, what? I didn't even get to finish. What? Just ignore the stun? I literally... I mean, other than the fact that I'm pretty tanky and not, I'm not struggling.
[03:34:03] Feels like 0.1 again. I thought this was going to give me uniques. It gives you max life, which is not bad. It would not mad wolf. It would be pretty terrible, actually. You can't level with corrupting wings as a complete new character. It just doesn't work. Unless you have a friend to give you some stuff, like what you need in Act 6, I wouldn't recommend it at all.
[03:36:05] What you can do instead is you can level Mercenary with any other build, grenades, suppressing fire, tactician, any of those. And then swap to Corrupting Wings afterwards. Honestly, I would not swap before you can get packs packed. So 65 plus. But the build's looking pretty good now. We gotta buff this league. This 0.5, we're actually gonna buff because it's a new...
[03:36:55] Rune you can add into weapons that gives you plus one to level of war cries That like alleviates a lot of the just we had Fair enough bad both fair enough the idea Diablo immortal No way that's how that means Seriously, yeah, I mean shit. Yes, you know It's your viewers. I guess why not I got a tier 7
[03:38:37] Oh, is that so memorable? Okay. That's cool, I guess. I know Diablo Immortal is like, well, at least Blizzard's highest performing Diablo game, right? And apparently, what was it? Like the schedule for BlizzCon had Diablo Immortal as like 80% of the Diablo section. Goes to show that like, just priority. Oh, I see. Yeah, I can imagine. I mean, reacting to stuff is always fun, right? I would assume. I mean, I don't know.
[03:39:50] What kind of content updates comes up for the other mortal because let's be honest I would not You catch me dead looking at any that kind of stuff
[03:39:55] You catch me dead looking at any of that kind of stuff, but unless it's a joke, right? Like, funny to watch. I'm sure there's, like, heavy content, right? If you're a creator, you do definitely want new content. Wait, is BlizzCon tomorrow? I actually haven't paid attention at all. The only thing I just learned about BlizzCon from the classic, yeah. Wow. I've read it. I'm just really suffering right now. We're gonna do, we're gonna change this up a bit. Next Saturday. Alright.
[03:41:21] Yeah, okay, that makes me more sense. I'm precipitating in an optical course race tomorrow. Seven kilometers with like swimming, rock climbing, tire jumping. Won't be able to play too long. Holy shit, armor broken. I'm playing hardcore, by the way. More careful. Why does armor break a thing, man? Where's energy shield break? Where's evasion break?
[03:42:13] Technically, evasion break exists. There's no energy shield break. It's chaos damage. The most is like half effectiveness. Armor break is 100%. How am I underleveled? I feel like I've killed everything in this zone, man. My damage is so bad. And no worries, Madwolf. Thanks for chiming in. I'm running out of life flask. He's phased. And now to kill him again. At least we can get some life flask.
[03:45:13] Jesus. I don't understand why everyone's dying AC. Holy shit. Holy shit. Oh my god. I had no idea how I made it up. Alright. Oh my god. Now we got Bella. Bella. Oh, I'm stuck. Okay, stand in the middle here. Tank, tank. Oh, Bella's dead at least. That's good. Can't block that? No, you can't block that. Jesus.
[03:48:37] Thinking about doing about it was the most fun battle plays before do you think the Titan version is better than the Smith one? Um, I'm gonna say No, I'm not sure. The Titan is tankier than the Smith one for sure. It's an item. Wow, Corpse Way, look at that. Ooh, Surefoot Sigil is actually insane. It's a good item though. Beach as well. All attacks count is empowered. Power skills do not have inherent bonuses. Oh.
[03:49:36] Right, yeah, if you feel like, that's the thing. It's not like the tankiness changed much. If anything, you're probably tankier now, right? But it's not like it's too bad. You know, both use similar gear. Well, okay, they don't really. They use kind of similar gear. But I would just play the smith. And if you keep enjoying the smith, then just keep enjoying the smith. But the smith did get nerfed, right? From how it was, in a sense. Because now, what? I don't know how much it got nerfed, but it triggers less spells now.
[03:50:10] And that's why I made the Titan version. But I still think Smith is very powerful. I don't know. Less screen collector, I guess. Level of mine now? This seems so good, though. Yeah, I think I'm not gonna... I'm gonna be right. Shit, I can go to bed soon. Okay, what do I... I need level 22. Oh, Earth Shatter. Nah, we're gonna go... I think we start with... We kind of need that for the single target. Okay, that... Good.
[03:52:10] all right but it's not terrible oh hybrid oh boy okay yeah that's good big damage increase holy that's better than my two-handed it's genuinely better than my two-handed right now honestly we'll just do that yeah oh that's not where i wanted to go
[03:53:49] Looks like the bone pits. Give me some water. In the dark. Okay, it's this one. Get rid of this now. It's doing pretty good damage now. Ooh, no tier 2 support. I kind of want the Urgent Totem. Approaching ground better. Let's go approaching ground. And our damage is starting to pound. I think it'd be good.
[03:57:33] and uh it's changed the incident corrupting cry this patch uh the corrupting wings uh build so for specifically this build not typically it's just i want to it's just a lee starter version i guess and but it focuses more on totems right there's some cool totem stuff uh that is good with it especially ancestral bond right anything
[03:58:00] But for corrupting wings in 0.55, I assume you meant 0.5, but in 0.55, there's actually a new support, a new rune that goes in your weapon that gives you plus one Warcries, which is insane buff to the build, basically. Insane buff. Getting plus one levels that easily is such a big buff. Still, the gambling version is not a lead starter, though. I mean, you can technically lead starter, but...
[03:58:40] So you're not really gonna work right until you're level 65 or until you have packs pack which could be used later. Availability. Shit I got one shot. And you get lighting res. Some lighting res at least.
[04:00:05] Honestly, let's go for this. Cap region. Division 5 on the ladder. Damn. Rip. Got tier boots. I'm going to keep going for... I can actually go for these nodes here. This should be viable. Nearly. Ooh, 15% move speed. Yeah. I can deal with that. Don't I have enough wind? That's what we need to do. Earthquake. We got another tier 2. Instant ground. There we go.
[04:06:31] Again, I kick off of these one two three four five or I can just go this like this is way better 5% Oh, please don't tell me this bug happens
[04:09:59] Related to the persistent ground. Character selection. Now, do you want to pick ground again? Yep, good. Oh, level up 22. Can I put this in? How does that work? I do need duration. I'm going to go this. I mean, 10% damage taken is actually pretty good. Is it better, though? Damage. Okay, that seems to do a lot of damage. It sounds crazy if that works. It's a little underleveled. It's actually so bad.
[04:20:03] Did break again just it just breaks like it just breaks the entire character Yes, please, holy shit now we're looking healthy what? Using that on that's real question his totems smartest get
[04:26:04] brutality 2 would actually go you're fizz right no need to rush need brutality 2 anyway it's still terrible i've changed my mind we don't really need resolution to get those so now we got this we got some ground direction magnitude it's cool let's do second
[04:35:50] that sucks that's fine it's honor just in case let's see guys all right i think that's gonna be today won't be on tomorrow until i don't know today afternoon evening maybe how this race goes and if i'm like an orphan party let's see what i can get on these bottom damage oh noble fills damage with war cries what the
[04:39:32] But that's a GG Jewel. Holy shit Don't build up. That's not bad age when hit that's Actually nuts 2013 was the end goal
[04:39:57] What's the end goal? Well, I'm playing hardcore Soapy Balls, so to beat the game, I guess, do all the challenges on hardcore. But the actual build is going to be a Warcry spamming, Ancestral Cry Earthshatter build. So I'll be putting down Ancestral Warrior Totems via Ancestral Bond, so I'll get tons of spirit.
[04:40:23] And I'll spam War Cries to explode the Earth Shatter Spikes. Apply Corrupted Blood. Hopefully I can just use Corrupted Blood purely for clear as well. Totems are just for, like, killing tanky mobs. And then with this Howling Beast, I'll apply Critical Weakness. And I'll have my totems crit a ton. So, yeah. It's like a combo War Cry totem build. No worries, Sophie. I wish I had to go now.
[04:41:14] Better wait. I need to be well rested for tomorrow's race But it's gonna take a while because I'm playing hardcore. So yeah, I'm going a bit slower than I work quite a bit slower than I know It's a good chess piece the hybrid is not who I should harm single rest in my oh, yeah, that's seriously All right, thank you so be all right Gigi's watching here
[04:42:21] I'll be on tomorrow evening. It's honestly my best bet. Bye-bye.
