[00:00:10] We're live. Eating ritual, I guess. Shit, I'm tanky. Physical damage. We love these, like, narrow corridors, though. Pretty much always stacks of damage plating tubes. Very nice. Falling that wisp was a waste of time. I should check the... Five and one. Two companions. Oh, but... All the uniques. The fucking guy. Stick to the build help channel.
[00:07:17] I wonder what I can do with my gold. It's kind of cool. Wait, wait, wait. Do I get it from this one? I think so, right? Wild classic thing. Wild classic forever? No. Classic forever? Wild forever? Probably bricked up. The reason why I didn't stream yesterday is because I was looking at the boundary. I was straight. You know what PeeWee does to me too when it's bounced. I can't play it. Yeah.
[00:09:53] You are tapping in. You're tapping in. I'm definitely tapping in. That's for sure. The question is, do I play the beta? Well, I already answered that question. It's yes. I feel like level... The fact that they're even going to timegate the beta, apparently, so you can get to level 20 first and then 30 later, but... Actually, it would be popping. It would basically be the same as playing the game. Tala tanking. Yeah, that looks viable. All heck. I want to do a shaman tank. That's my current...
[00:10:32] Shaman. I do want to do all the shaman specs, honestly. I want to be a healer. I want to be... Well, I don't really want to play enhance. Other than, like, pure enhance. I want to play. Like, beta coming out in just three days. Like, Jesus. How am I going to cope? How am I going to do all the challenges? Shaman tank is an abominant. What are you talking about? It was a thing in SOG. It was a thing in classic. Honestly, I shaman tanked in hardcore.
[00:11:31] No, no, no, that's not what I said, Thorave, no. That you can level to 20 in the beta, and then after like a month or something of beta, it will increase the cap to 30. It'll still just be beta. It will not transfer over. And it makes me think, because level 30 in, you know, Classic is no joke. That's like at least three days of leveling, you know?
[00:12:06] Especially if you're not like min-maxing with the quest, not questy, what's it called? The rested XP. You're gonna, it's gonna take time. Hopefully, yeah, I don't know. Yeah, definitely some concern there. Like, I'm not even gonna touch that new race. Like, fuck that shit. Blue, I mean, I never played Elves either because I thought that was cringe. But, uh, I'm a Tauren. You know, I play all the ugly classes. Tauren, Troll, and, uh, Tork.
[00:13:10] I'm not sure what I'll play this time around. Torn is what I'm leaning towards, mainly because I love Domp. I just love the two-second stun as an option in PvP and stuff. But otherwise, it doesn't seem like... And probably for tanking too. Best thing. We'll see for the beta if they do... Because apparently the shaman's talents and stuff has completely changed since what they've shown. Yeah, on the...
[00:13:41] I think people are looking into that one a bit too hard, honestly. I don't think the 5% max thing is going to be that crazy. Everything in Classic and World of Warcraft is PPM, Thorhaave. It's all PPM, which means that once it procs, you won't be proccing that shit for the next three minutes, you know? If it's retail, the way it works in retail, is that no matter what, if you...
[00:14:36] Like, if you, like, trigger or hit, like, one billion times a second, it won't matter. You'll still only proc it within once every three minutes. It won't be abusable. Copium. Honestly, that's what I hope. I mean, that's what I assumed, how it would work. I mean, it's one of those things. That's not how everything works. You have, like, Ravager, for example, which would be different. Because you have proc based on swing time, right? So if you had, like, a really long...
[00:15:09] If your weapon was, like, super fast, you'd proc at the same speed as if you had a super slow weapon. But you could proc with yellow hits, which is, like, special attacks, basically, right? Where's this boss? I agree. Sure, Thorheim, yes. But this is, like, retailified. They have 100% balanced that shit. I can understand trinkets and stuff. Yeah, that hurts.
[00:15:57] but a racial like a racial 100 that's gonna be in a fine lens like they're not gonna make that shit like op because the problem with racials right is the moment something is like giga op and i've broken everyone's gonna be mega pissed it's like oh well i just i just did a night elf warrior until 60 and all of a sudden you know these uh undeads are just like crocking this one thing that makes him vulnerable and they can solo tank dungeons and shit like
[00:16:32] Exactly, in farming. Yeah, yeah, I get that. Which is abusable nonetheless. Doesn't really matter where it's abusable, as long as it's abusable. If one raid can, like, straight up just, like, solo tank a dungeon, it's not gonna be fun for the rest. I think it is, I do, I think it's cool, though, and, you know, all this kind of weird shit is awesome, but at the end of the day, keep your expectations in check.
[00:17:11] sometimes i don't do damage and sometimes he just like gets deleted i don't i think it's just me just spamming fortifying getting damaged maybe that might be a thing honestly 100 like yeah the five percent that sounds giga broken like just giga broken i don't know how they can even add into the game unless it's unless it's like inconsequential you know that's the thing like they can't just add that and have it be good honestly
[00:17:57] I don't know. How do you balance that shit? You just don't. I don't know. I don't know how you balance that shit. I commend them for trying, I guess. To, like, add cool stuff into the game. Wait, did I proc one of these? F5. This map again, alright? Anyway, I'm excited. I'm definitely gonna be dug up. I'm gonna pre-purchase, like, the cuck I am, you know? Like, Blizzard's a bad company until they make something I want to play. I have, like, very little morals when it comes to video games. Convenience.
[00:18:55] and nothing gets me more hype than like classic wild shit and peewee and that like i love this like i i love theorycrafting like new shit you know i just love new shit can i say especially when it's not figured out yeah stock art trailer was amazing i agree it was amazing but it's it's like it doesn't it's it's meaningless it's like the d4 trailer all over again you know which is awesome as well the default trailer is like the big the coolest part of d4
[00:19:34] Right, and that kind of goes to show that like yeah, this trailer is awesome. Whatever they're planning. Oh Now I proc the thing. I need to be very comfortable here. Jesus, that's terrifying.
