[00:20:01] I'm surprised I took so much damage there. I should have, like, I guess I don't block. I'm like, I don't block. I don't know how much PDR I have, but I didn't have a totem down. Yeah, so, like, a lot of my defense is gone. It's true, yeah, yeah. Failures are good. I won't deny that, but that it. It's very interesting going for making another, like, is it going to be a single player game? I don't know. I guess. I do like that they're doing more stuff with StarCraft.
[00:20:45] i mean i i love the thematically in starcraft uh back in the day but i just got dreamed so hard and i played it i was pretty young though but i had a i had like a full like guide book on the on how like the tech trees and stuff it was like a massive book which i explained everything had a guide to the campaign and stuff i kept like i looked at more of that book than i did at the actual uh right then i played the actual game
[00:21:23] It's like when you buy, like back in the day when you bought a video game on CD, and you just look at the- and you're driving home in the backseat of your parents' car, and you're just looking at the back, going through the pamphlet inside, you know, the rulebook, and be like, oh my god, this one screenshot of the game looks fucking sick. I remember I did that with the Guild Wars 2, I think, and I barely played that game. It was just not for me.
[00:22:16] Wait, it's gonna be RTS for the new StarCraft? Seriously? 80% RTS, 50% FPS? I didn't listen to the panel or anything. Because, you know, it's four years out. Wait, did I go far enough? No, I didn't. I just zone out. I thought they said it was gonna be like a first-person shooter or something. Wasn't that, like, that confirmed?
[00:23:47] oh i see right you only watched the trailer paste but i assume you watched more for uh classic plus though right classic forever wait world of warcraft forever those juicy panels gameplay trailer cinematic kind of sucked i didn't pay attention to the cinematic i thought it was just gonna be the old cinematic because it was and then they like continued it i was like oh i didn't pay attention to the rest
[00:24:50] I was watching Soda like play or something. Why was I watching Quinn? I can't remember. Maybe I was watching. I don't know. That's kind of cool. I've still been sold. Oh, no. Did I sell the other one? I did sell the other one. Oh, no, I didn't. It's right there. I'm into the phase of my where I look surprised by new shit. Interesting. I'm definitely still like a mid-max.
[00:26:09] Give me everything right now kind of thing. Be honest. How many do I get any Atlas points for killing Bordark? Wait did I forget to select my rewards from the last map? Shit. That's respectable though. I guess that means you're not gonna play the beta then. Know what that means? Because that's the problem. That's the problem. All of this shit. Very close to Pee Wee 2.
[00:28:00] But it's not that close to crap. I've never been one to like play WoW long term. Like once I start raid logging, it's like, okay, I'm good. Hey, was that a yeah, yeah to the fact that you're not playing the beta? Damn, I killed that boss so fast, even in Delirium. It's not too bad. Oh, don't stand on that. Let's end Delirium. Now they do Delirium maps too, which is probably still easier than doing Pentacles.
[00:31:04] i'm getting so many of these we go to our base mtx my icon i can't use uh shield skin either warlord clipping man it's not like a cave on i didn't know that i guess oh wait he has a cape as well let's try that one yeah this one is pretty badass i see my shield though kind of sucks back all right thor have a good one uh if you're still here
[00:33:51] Wanna ask you, PvP or PvE? What about him talking? Someone? Hosts always have an eye in the middle of his chest. Sick. Every time, man. We'll strike big in this weapon. Unlikely.
