[01:03:03] Hey, we got it. Talon's done. The damage is good. Pretty good. Ooh, that could be good. Just damage. I don't know if that's sure. Let's drop this. Dude, I need this. Oh, shit, I need that. I need two levels, though. Give me two levels. Hmm. Can I get better? Can I get better rubies? Like, block. But I don't have to take. Oh, great. But I hit 40, which means...
[01:05:26] Three jewels with it. What's this thing is? Is it that good? Break is a prefix for some godforsaken reason. What was I going to buy again? I was going to try for jewels. You know how I can get a talent point? Kill a pinnacle boss. Boom, this one's perfect. Holy shit. Five regen, stun build up. Oh, that's 55k, so. Oh shit, this one's pretty it. Dance. Three increased block chance, though. Been enough.
[01:08:24] It's not enough. Damn. Damn, I lost on the Warcraft Speed, but the rest is good. I can save one point. This one's good. True, you can add armor to anything. Alciron. Wait, did you just raid me? No. I guess I didn't pay attention. Yes, CC totems. Indeed. There's a lot of synergy there, so. Search the warrior totems with earth shatters, so you blow up the earth shatters, right? I mean, I can just show it in a moment. Can I just get this?
[01:11:22] Also, I'm not doing too much crazy maps because I'm hardcore and I'm genuinely a pussy. I'm like terrified of doing pinnacle bosses right now. Basically, the synergy is, you know, I blow up the Earth Shadows, right? I apply 10 Corrupting Weakness or Critical Weakness through this. I get tons of damage by spamming War Crys through this. I recover tons of life with Urging Call and my helmet, so I have 5% max life when you use the War Cry.
[01:12:03] I'm using Fortifying Cry on top of Seismic Cry. So I use Seismic Cry just to knock everything away. I stun with Seismic Cry, which means I also break armor for scavenger plating. It's not my totems that break armor. It's me that break armor. It means I always get scavenger plating stacks. That's from this Anoint here. And everything else is just like tank, right? And I have... I'm using two Scepters.
[01:12:42] So I weapon swap, put down my totem, which is a scepter and a mace. And then I war cry with a shield and a scepter. I always have the spirit I need for my totems. But I gain the benefit by having a shield as well, basically. I'm just good. Speed is whatever. You know, it's fast enough. But I thought it would be a pretty decent hardcore build. At least for like a life build, you know. Life builds are...
[01:13:24] You don't see people playing live builds at all in hardcore. Like, gear I have is, like, I would consider really good. And it's just so cheap because nobody plays this shit. Why am I getting bosses now? Oh, that's a good question, actually. Armored Jemling. I forgot about that. Yeah, true. Isn't the problem with Armored Jemling is you don't have good recovery? You don't really have that great recovery. I guess you're right. Yeah, Armored Jemlings are played with Oil Grenade and the snapshotting of...
[01:14:10] Pyro? Why am I thinking Pyroblast? I never remember the name of that shit. Time of Need? Wait, what's the ult quality on Time of Need? I didn't think about that, actually. Oh, and I also have Corrupted Blood, right? So I can clear white mobs and blue mobs with Corrupted Blood, but because I'm using Scepters, I can't really scale Fortifying Cry as much as I would like. It's fine. We got Totems for the rest. Regenerate Perth. Oh, wow. That's kind of cool.
[01:15:02] Interesting. So you can attack, regen, huh? Yeah, I'm not... Obviously, people are playing... Yeah, you're right. You're right. People are playing full grenades. So, of course, there are life versions. I know a guy was talking to me and asking if he could do ES on that build. Which makes me think that, yeah, life was standard. The armor you get from ice armor is just insane. Frost armor? I've been watching too much Classic Vow shit at this point. Keep messing it all up.
[01:15:37] Yeah, or spirit gems. Yeah. I mean, you say that, but, like, no matter what, I mean, you're making a build right now. You're just slotting in, you know, uh, Pyro. I can never name... What the fuck is the name of that skill? Pyroblast? No. You know what I'm talking about. You're slotting in Ignite right into your build to kill bosses on the Frontal Cry or the Pyroblast. Like, that's how OP it is. Like...
[01:16:28] i feel like as long as that stays it's just gonna be used for a lot of like just cheesing bosses flame blast yes 300 armor it gives you that much armor i think i see like a hundred did it actually give you 300 yeah the dodge lens is awesome yeah 100 like the dodge movement but like i kind of wanted to keep that just because i don't want them to nerf my build but the dodge movement is insane but it's so smooth it just feels so good
[01:17:15] I don't know how you make him invest into it more. I don't know. It does mean you're using cast on dodge, which doesn't really provide much else. Oh, if you're using scavenge plating as well, then you're getting shit done. That's the thing. It's crazy that there's no point in me leveling up scavenge plating. There's literally no point leveling up. All it gives is thorns per level. Come on, man. That's... I don't know. It can't be right.
[01:17:58] You're right. Jambling just makes a lot of skills that are kind of meh. Good. Frost armor is useless. Let's be honest. Frost armor is just dog shit. Unless you're playing some sort of meme. Someone's build. I'm pretty sure they nerfed that skill. It's not really that good anymore. On hit. You can't chill anything unless you scale it. You can't freeze anything. You probably scale it.
[01:18:43] True, yeah, the fact that the quality also reduces the spirit cost. That is funny, huh? I think it's faster than 50% more speed just because, well, I guess it's different. Because if you have the amulet, right? You have the amulet for even more, like two casts and dodges, which is what I do in my fortifying cry build. This is who I think it is. Oh my god, I fucking tanked that. Holy shit. Kinelli, what is my death right there? Thank god for 90% armor.
[01:19:33] and 18 pdr that's the thing it took like you know one league and all of a sudden like everyone's armor stacking well not everyone but like pub gun you know pub gun using
