[01:19:55] Everyone's armor stacking. Well, not everyone, but, like, pub gun, you know? Pub gun using armor? That can't be right. Something's very wrong. Yeah, true. Mage Blood is just the game change of everything. Yeah, you're right, yeah. That's, like, how you get all your armor on a lot of builds. That's how you get all your evasion on a lot of builds, too. Like, I had... That's how I got all my evasion on my Fart Finder build. I don't know if you've seen that build. I would say it's my best, like, high-scaling build, anyway.
[01:20:30] And the only way I could solve defense was Mage Blood. It solves recovery because I can get so much evasion that Ghost Dance heals a lot. And the evasion gives me Deflection as well as 75 with ES. I did figure out another way though. Going for a Chevron Satchel after watching Pond's video on him using it. I was like, damn, this is actually just pretty good on Pathfinder.
[01:21:08] which allows you to recover ES without needing mage blood. But I think quality gives you more effect per stage. Does it give you 2%? I don't know how much it gives you for 20. I have it on 37 and it only says 5 stages. Wait, does it go to 300% just arctic armor alone? I thought you were talking about if you combine it with...
[01:22:28] Wait, you get 300 from Arctic Armor alone? I thought you were talking with scavenged plating. I don't care about crit because I have 75% reduction. No, 70%, I think. See? Fortifying Cry has plenty range. You know, it's more than enough. You don't need the widescreen shit from... I think I can even kill rares with just this. Yeah, that's actually nuts. It's genuinely nuts. Arctic Armor, like, well, that's just busted.
[01:23:30] So busted. I would love that I'm out of armor on this character. True. I mean, look, maybe I'm a bit biased because, you know, Josiah Yeet, Palseron? He's like, at least you can call him like the gemling guy. At this point, he's got plenty of builds. The guy's been popping off. He's more YouTube subscribers than me, even though he only started making videos in 0.5. I'm a hater, okay? I'm a Josiah hater.
[01:24:24] and before i got to start my war cry build he did his infernal cry video and i was like i was gonna do that and then i and i was like okay well i guess i can't do that anymore so that oh fortifying cry you can scale that kind of hard if you go melee levels and stuff i was like oh he gives you defense or you can go pretty fast with dodge stuff because he didn't do any dodge stuff he doesn't min max his build really
[01:24:54] And so, you know, I made a cooler video as well. And then that was my most popular build, this league, the Warcry build. But nonetheless, he still took that Infernal Cry glory away from me, you know? Imagine if I was the one who min-maxed that build. I like Jusathai Yux. He's been putting, like, he's honestly, the guy's been grinding like crazy. Mana builds, he's popped out. Nah, of course.
[01:25:28] Because I'm a hater, I'm his number one hater, I will say that he is just the gemling guy. I don't think he's leveled a single other character, but his one character. He just, like, he just re-rolled his gemling into, like, seven different builds. I agree, Palceran, but the problem is you will get the people in the comments being like, wait, didn't this guy do that build? And I got that. I got that. When I did the Fortifying Cry build, people were being like, wait, didn't Josiah come up with this first?
[01:26:08] unescapable i believe most builds at least for like the people who first like find something can be improved considerably for example like when i made the far finder build back in zero uh it was just like busted the numbers were just so stupid that you didn't even need to scale it at some point and everyone loved it because it's like deepest build ever you need to equip like some unique boots and you were good but now you know you actually need the gear and stuff
[01:26:41] And so all the people who did play it before and made like variants of the Farfinder build, the guy called the camera's name. But anyway, there was a guy who made the like the auto bomber version of the Farfinder. He used like skeletal priests to resummon ones and he just like walk and stuff. That one got quite popular, but obviously all those builds died because they nerfed that shit. And then I brought it back because I was like, well, it can still be done.
[01:27:12] I also stole the Farfinder build. I also stole it. There was a Korean guy. I did the old jungaron. Ooh, this looks good. From some sort of Billy Billy website. And there was a guy doing Farfinder in campaign. I was like, oh, shit. Nice. All right. And I was like, oh, wait, I can make this build work. Actually, no, it wasn't just that. Who was it? Oh, it was someone else.
[01:27:46] Who's that guy that wears gloves? Like fingerless gloves? When he streams? Who's that guy? Baelor! Yes! Baelormage! He was the one who first tested out the boots, but he couldn't figure out how to do single target. And he just ended up doing toxic growth for single target. Right? And I was like, nah, that's not cool. That's not cool. I was like, this must be possible.
[01:28:21] And then I saw that YouTube video of somebody figuring out a single target by summoning minions to decompose your own minions. And I was like, oh my god, this is a build. And I made the build after that. So at the end of the day, at some point, it's like, you're not even the first to do anything. You're just the first to make a YouTube video. Like, some cool edits or something. That video was my most popular video.
[01:28:50] For a while and it was the worst video ever like it wasn't okay. It wasn't as bad as my first video, but Jesus Christ my audio was so dog shit People just like thought the build was so sick that it didn't matter. Okay, what am I doing this map? What if I'm cropping bug her my lazy ass 0.5? Same Same. Oh, my first build concussed Titan. I'm super proud of I didn't really get that much recognition and I didn't min max it much
[01:29:33] i thought it was a i really like that build no chain explosions you know it's the only build in the game that's like instant chain explosions i don't really count this blood hell the blood uh it's got a blood play there i take a plant gems over and take a fridge see if i can hit break points on my skills with it oh if you can if you can get 20 quality like global quality yeah i don't think you can
[01:30:09] Because most things don't gain much from an extra one or two quality, right? I think if you can get to that 20 global quality breakpoint, yeah, you're fine. Oh, no, that's not what you're talking about. You're talking about the ascendancy or that gemling ascendancy that allows you to get like movement speed reduction or less movement speed reduction when using skills and stuff. And anything else? Implanted gems. I'm going to have to look this up.
[01:31:03] i think i know i think that's what you're talking about that's gem studded oh no what are you talking about so yeah i mean honestly yeah if i can just spread the tech you know that's pretty cool as well deal q oh that must feel pretty amazing on eq deal doesn't it like just like you pop down your eq boom boom and explosions everywhere that sounds sick is the x buff per colored support oh
[01:32:18] the implant with gems over implanted gym if you can get i mean technically you can get level 40. if you yeah you can't technically get level 40 now without bolstering implants you can and then you can go for integrated efficiency with a true min max sin or yeah you could do that you do you're saying inciderate shot though i don't think i don't think that will ever beat i mean
[01:33:02] How to say plus two level it depends on the skill. What skill are you talking about? What's the skill you're using to do damage? Homecoat contagion ignite. Oh, I see. Yeah, is it like well Josiah Yeet did a similar build to that. Didn't he? He's called the Thanos shotgun or something. Thanos snap. Less duration EQ for clear and supercharge for single target felt great for me. That sounds pretty awesome.
[01:33:43] i was wondering if the forest swords if the concussive rune tech could be pretty good as well did you want to like scale the stuns somehow that's why i like doing the quarter stats because i felt like i got a lot of value out of stun oh yeah true yeah that you're right senor he did say that it was like a very end game like gear dependent build it's hard to say how much plus two levels can you not what you can do in pub i can show you here i didn't monitor
[01:34:36] oh this is path effects of one oh okay right yeah i mean if as long as you can get 40 quality or yeah 40 quality you're good yeah that two percent does nothing i think i don't think it's not it's not large enough to be a break point for most skills to change right how they get stuff give me a sec
[01:35:11] so you can go in configuration and you can do like this right you see i have increased damage oh sorry my mom's calling
