[01:41:44] Sorry about that. The question is, the 40% breakpoint outweighs a meager 60% damage increase. Oh, you can't reach the breakpoint? Even like 100% Paragon... Is it Rabbit? What's the thing that gives you quality? I don't know if you're using... Yeah, you can use this. The best way is to use this, right? You can simulate quality as well here. You can do... So this is what you do, right? What's this stat called?
[01:42:36] Yeah, the paragon anoint. You have this. So quality two of all skills, right? You can do that. Plus two percent. Quality of all skills. Boom. I didn't write it correctly. Two quality of all skills. See? So now I have that stat in here. And you can also do 60% increased damage, right? So this is how you simulate it, right? You just use this custom modifiers and you just type them in.
[01:43:08] And you can just like put in, you can just do L here, and then it's invalid, and then it will go away. That's how you do that. Oh, okay, that's great. Sayonara. Nice. Also, remember, it's an instill in Pee Wee 2. VK. Well, it is, but I don't understand why they call it different, where it's these different games, but it depends on what game you play the most, I guess.
[01:45:04] I've called it anoint and people are like, what the fuck is an anoint in my guides? I'm like, oh, right. If you've never played Pv1, you had no idea what that meant. Oh, wait, you're hitting? Oh, because you have the plus five from the chest piece, right. Fine orb, I need that big time. Placed it one on a jewel like an idiot. How do I know if I didn't test it? That aura there is terrifying. It's like, oh, you have half HP. Circle.
[01:47:47] i want to take temp chains too on top of any weakness but that's 50 spirit i'm missing do you have any like curse investment because i feel like it doesn't feel that great with that first investment curses are like pretty powerful too they're just very expensive like i should use a curse i'm like well actually no i shouldn't i would need the intelligence which i do not have are you getting in for that actually how the hell are you getting in for curses you don't have gem
[01:48:38] Adaptive gate building is what I was called. I love that propagating explosions. I still keep killing stuff in one side of the ritual and then I can at the very end when I've killed everything on that side then I can go to the other side. Otherwise I just like keep mixing my targets and it goes way slower. Nice. Another one. Kind of crazy how much they drop now. Oh, I did all of them.
[01:49:57] I'm finally getting like actually good omens now. Holy shit. This is taking me ages. Oh, it's too cheap to defer. I mean, I wouldn't call him Uber. It's just like non-quest Uber, I guess. RB, but sure. I understand what you mean. But yeah, one hit. That is, yep. I mean, generally OP. Generally Ignite is just so good. You get the damage. It's nuts.
[01:51:03] Yeah, Bodark has like what? 12k? 12 mil HP or something? I do agree. I think like Arbiter is just too easy. Like genuinely, the guy is much easier than I would have expected. I mean, I guess builds is too powerful. I don't know. Plus four now. Can I put in tablets? Let me do the Abyss boss. Oh my god. 15 mil. You haven't done Rachel Quest? Damn. The campaign. You have to do that for her.
[01:52:26] Challenges. That's what I'm going to do. I'm going to do... My current goal is just challenges in hardcore, right? Ideally, all bosses, but, like, I don't know. But the problem is I really want to play a classic while. So... This new, like, classic forever. Oh, World Warcraft forever. I completely, like, changed my plans, unfortunately. Like, yep, they hooked me. I can't say otherwise. But hopefully the better, like, and that takes so much time. So...
[01:53:12] true yeah yeah i mean the quests are easy it just it takes a bit of time unless you're playing hardcore in which case it's a bit harder but yeah this thing i don't know when i'm ready to do bosses i feel like i just have to like one shot everything or i'm not doing a boss you're right i can always come back but that's my main problem right now is that i can't die because if i die and i can't like for example if i want to continue playing on soft core it means i have to do the athletes all over again
[01:54:26] Just not too bad like you can you can bang out the atlas pretty quick you wanted to I'm getting shit It's not it's not great though, and if I want to do It in hardcore well, I have to level a new character if I died like all new gear Everything and not die on that character either. I'm just terrified man
[01:55:20] I do like this build. I'm very impressed with how this build does single target. Even clear, like, it genuinely doesn't even feel that slow. Like, the corpse explosions and stuff, if you time things correctly, you just rip through a pack. I would have liked this corrupted blood stuff to be a bit more powerful, but honestly, it is powerful enough. Hmm, where do I put this? This way. It's over there. Oh, that's a reviving one. Why am I getting bosses all of a sudden? I don't understand. I shouldn't be getting bosses. Okay.
[01:57:18] It's just a random chance to get a boss now. I take one of those. Oh, so many additional boss when activated, huh? I've yet to really like update the guy, but it's tough. I guess I can do another snapshot of him.
