[02:00:20] As expected. Hey, ulting bolts. Oh, no. I don't want to do that. Oh, my God. We got a boss as well. Delirium. That's good. We want the boss with Delirium. Where's that? The Delirium boss thing. Where are we going this way? I got stunned without a shield there. Oh, another boss. That's just disgusting. Absolutely. It's a cool fantasy. Just like one Giga Ignite. Just boom. You know? It's not like you need to set up that much. Do you?
[02:04:01] You have to freeze before you ignite or anything? I don't think you do. You just like hit that one big ignite, right? Stand right close to Stockholm. Yeah. Also, your eyes are bleeding at the end of it. It's supposed to be 15%, but damn, it feels common to get a boss right now. How many times do I have to defer this thing? Ooh, is it reaching here? Wow.
[02:06:57] That would be crazy if it wasn't I mean maybe for like it honestly good, you know the forest Damn, it's like one marsh pit. It was crazy. May we you'd be so nice. So my HP go down a bit there Let's go some of these bills eyes don't get I love my bills are half my bills are pretty
[02:11:04] Not niche, but, like, there's a lot to it. A lot of puzzle pieces. I'm looking for the Herald of Thunder for the Ranger. I think Monk? Monk? Spirit Gems has it? Usually there's, like, a tab on the left. You can go through different, like, sections of Spirit Gems. Or is it maybe you're using... Ah, yes. Is it maybe that you're picking up the wrong skill gem?
[02:11:55] for example uh you got so you have you have the normal skill gem like this and you have you have this one so you have so if you go for example this is the normal skills right so if you go to the bow right you have bow skills here but you have to get this one which is an uncut spirit gem this gives you like passive effects kind of and then you can go to the ranger and you can get hell of thunder
[02:12:24] I believe the first time you can get this is if you go to Act 1. You're probably there soon. This area here. Freythorn. When you kill the boss in this area, you will get one of those. One of these gems. And you can create Hell of Thunder with it. You probably just need to play the game a bit more. But it is technically a side zone, I believe. Because you go here until the end. But you just want to make sure you go to Freythorn. No worries.
[02:13:02] I think it helped. Go get. Oh, I thought you got it. Did you not drop it? Oh, is this worth something? Is second boom worth anything? It is actually worth something. Yeah, if you can get one. How much is that right now? How much is in the series of convenience? Sounds expensive. What's going on? Why is she taking no damage? There we go. I can take an elevation thing. It's definitely like something weird happens. She was up here and I wasn't hitting her at all. I don't want that. Oh, I didn't realize.
[02:15:56] Damn, that's so OP. Why did I not take this? Sirius takes like five seconds. Oh, I see. Okay. You were just like giving yourself positive RNG. Saying you were going to get it. I know you have that. I'm sure my character can do it zero pretty quick. I need to take Ziri for the quest. The challenges, I mean. Oh, wait. Oh, shit. Yeah, I want to do that. Because now, yeah, recoup of damage. Now I always recoup.
[02:17:42] And he still implies a good damage that he's going to use in presence. I wonder if that works as well. We're going for damage as well here. Do I need- Do I need 30 damage? Boom. That's what you actually want. Something like this.
