[02:20:04] Rip. I don't think, is anyone using the sphere this patch? I don't know. I can't remember if they nerfed it or not. Because the scepter is pretty cool. It's like an auto bomber. If you can get the duration down long enough or something. I actually do want to do a zero as well. Because I need to do a zero for the quest. So I might just do that next. Instead of doing Bodak. Bodak scares me.
[02:21:02] I don't think Brodok actually has that much damage. Like, I'm pretty sure I can face tank any skill he has. He doesn't have, like, anti-regen or anything like that. I wonder if I do Arbiter right now. And all I do is I just... I try and do first phase. If he starts doing either of the Meteor or the Wave, I just log out and redo the entire fight until I can stun him and kill him before he does either of those moves.
[02:21:44] Then I did phase two pretty reasonably. I don't think he's going to do much phase two before I can jump. Is there a... There's no, like, value next to them. I have regen so... Like, I have so many different recovery options. I have leech from, like, or recoup from my totems. I have recover every time I use seismic cry. I have, like, 7% base flat regen. I was not doing that much damage there because I guess I couldn't, like, I don't think he got far enough away from the wall or something. Oh, the churn.
[02:23:53] Damn, it doesn't even hurt me. Holy shit, I'm tanking. That's with, you know, 2.8, nearly 300k armor. 30k armor. If I can get those boots, man, oh, that'd be so good. When do you get those boots? Are we using waystones? I was taking a break from Concuser Titan and found another build. And that's your bellmark build. Uh, well, yeah, I mean, to be fair, I do make a lot of the... Most of, like, the cool...
[02:26:11] Titan warrior builds are mine. There's more of a... I think more of my builds are warrior based. But yeah, it's a cool build. It is like... It's much less like... It's much easier playstyle than Concussed Titan, I guess. I mean, Concussed Titan is pretty easily, right? It's much more reliably tanky and chill. But... You know, it has a lot of fire on the screen. I mean, Concussed Titan is melee.
[02:26:59] Not adjacent. Slow and steady. I wonder if Brodug actually gives you any points at all for the passageway. True, true. People do like explosions. I would say the Balrog explosions are a bit less satisfying, but then you have, like, if you're doing the smith version, you have the raining meteors on bosses. That is pretty satisfying. Oh, I actually took damage there. Oh, no, I don't think I actually took damage. You have this warrior build. He's a Warbringer.
[02:29:18] I've done the entire effect. I've Balrog for Smith, Warbringer for this build, and the Titan for Concussed. What's that? I'm doing quite a bit of damage on this map. Feels like it anyway. Might just be fortifying. Tax-packed. This way. Might just be this guy that's just sniping my ass. Ooh, I can get this now. Okay. Boom. How much is this? Not that little? We got that now. That's big. Let's see here.
[02:33:33] Age? No. Reservant spirit influence a possessed monster sacrifice. Ah. I'm going to take this shrine. It kind of spooks me because I'm like, oh no, I do not want to stand in the meteors. But they're my meteors. Where did I do that? There's still another one to go.
