[02:40:13] How much is this worth? 6.3 div. Oh, shit. We need this, like, yesterday. Oh, running out of wisdom scrolls. Buy more. Oh, oh. Running out of arguments. How am I liking this build? It's, I mean, for hardcore, I'm loving it, right? It's super safe. I can, like, Fortifying Cry can just clear on its own, like, genuinely. Like, I can clear white and blue mobs, at least with it. Whereas, not so much.
[02:42:57] I can clear rares, but it's a bit too slow for comfort, right? And then I have the totems are completely destroying everything. Like, the fact that I'm on a hardcore character, which means, like, I'm not focusing damage and still just, like, one-shotting bosses in a stun feels pretty good. The defenses are not as good as they can get for, like, their life build, but they're pretty close. But it's a bit on the, you know, it's a bit on the slow side.
[02:43:30] there's some clunk you know it's a two it's a two button build at like at worst right or three even if you consider if you want to use fortifying while the bottom's down but it's dirt cheap like you know the build's so off meta that nobody is even competing for any of your items i'm using a unique mace because it's just so good it means it's dirt cheap as well so that's a positive like all my items are worth like nothing if you were to get it in soft core
[02:44:06] The amount of min-maxing you can do soft core is very interesting. You can get more War Cry oriented in soft core, but I don't know if that kind of defeats the purpose. Exactly. You would go for Fortifying Cry, Prison of the Blade, I think. Yeah. So this skill, Fortifying Cry, just to make sure your corrupted blood does more damage. And you can reliably clear with it super easily, right? See, I can just clear with this, right? Just as one skill.
[02:44:51] Maybe in softcore, you can make it do way more damage. Now, of course, that's expensive, though. You would go for, I guess, crit jewels. You know, you would go away from our crit jewels. You wouldn't take, like... I have, like, crit multiplier on my tree and stuff. Not crit, like, armor. I don't know. Maybe you do one defense, actually, in softcore, even. I'm about to say. For example, I have this. It's against your reduced critical strike. And I have this.
[02:45:30] thing in my body armor reduce critical strike this is something you don't really care about in hardcore i would kind of just ignore it which means you could get something else i think otherwise you kind of want the same you want a lot more spirit right you'd get like gg scepter so you can get six totems instead of just five you'd probably go for a different mace eventually you'd go for the pickaxe the pickaxe gives you crit multiplier
[02:45:59] but you would have to get a really good mace to beat this or and you can also instead of using scepters if you wanted to because i think you can get enough damage to where you don't because you can get two the scepters give you two extra totems basically okay i think this one gives you a bit more but because you need some spirit for support gems actually do i don't know i don't know if you get rid of the scepters you would go for two sockets you go two sockets on your shrine scepter so you get war cry plus one and nova plus one
[02:46:37] Would you go for this helmet? You would still go for this helmet, I think. Probably. You would get crit on everything, like crit on your amulet, crit on your gloves, mage blood. I guess you'd 100% go for mage blood. I can't really think of too much else, though. I do want to update the guide to soft core, kind of oriented, to some extent. I don't really have that much defense either on my passive tree. It's mainly the jewels that are defense.
[02:47:30] There's probably more. You could go for... Nah, I don't think you'd go for Command. Probably wouldn't go for Command. You'd maybe go for more Moon Speed. You would drop... Maybe you'd drop, like, Tempered Defense or something and try and get these nodes here. These Moon Speed nodes. I'm not exactly sure how you fit them in, though. You get rid of damage. It's hard to say. I actually don't know how you fit that in. But having Moon Speed would be real nice. Like, this Moon Speed right here would go so hard.
[02:48:04] Oh, and also you'd get the jewel. I don't know where you put it. I don't know if you can even put it here. Because if it overlaps a Howling Beast, then it's useless. But you want... Oh, no, I think you put it here, actually. Yeah, you put it here. Maybe. Because I don't think it will hit ancestral bond. Then you get this one, which will give you the 20% damage reduction. But it applies a bleed to you instead. Or it does 20% of the damage you take over time instead of instantly.
[02:48:34] I would want that hardcore as well, but it's just so expensive that it's possibly good. I'd have to play in softcore, honestly. Maybe you go... No, you wouldn't. I don't think you need that. Or would you? You could technically go for take out Windwall, take out Jade Heritage, go for imploding impacts. But I feel like having the extra tank is just nice. Probably we just have the tank. The tank is pretty good. Yeah, I mean, yeah. I think the damage is more than enough. Like, you can scale the damage.
[02:49:23] Way higher, right? Jewels, all that. But his kind of speed, that's the thing you want to change to soft core. He has as much moon speed as possible. Mage, blood, and those nodes on the passive tree. I'm trying to think of what other uniques he would use, but in case it's more crit. But you get Garakons. Right, you would get Garakons in the totem. So we go Garakons. Maybe you apply... Nah, I feel like applying parry would just be annoying. Damn, still can't afford that. 8,000. Does this cost? I'll buy it.
[02:50:36] Yeah, it is something very expensive. I agree. You need to do what I'm doing right now. That's fine. It's not like Garakons is that crazy DPS boosts compared to what I have now, but it is pretty crazy. What's going on with my sound? It's like my sound is what's causing the crash or something. There is some bugs, though. There's one bug right now where every time I use Fortifying Cry, for some reason, my totems copy the animation.
[02:51:24] Because if I use Fortify and Cry, it makes this animation where it sucks in the air, kind of. If I summon a totem, it also does it. See how it does that animation there? It's so weird. It doesn't actually cast a skill or anything. It just does the animation for some reason. And the problem with that is that once you have used Fortify and Cry a lot, it starts lagging your game.
[02:51:49] Now this luckily once I switched over to using echoing cry and you know only using fortifying cry every four seconds or whatever It's not that bad doesn't really like your game at that point fine But when you're cat when I was casting fortifying cry like I was casting seismic Then I started lagging my game like crazy like my totems would do black holes Every time I cast them and my FPS would go from like a hundred money But it resets every zone so
[02:52:20] By the time you're done with a map, you know, it's fine. What's going on? What happened there? You see now if I summon my totem, no effects. No additional effects. Just the moment I press fortify and cry, all of a sudden it needs to suck in air as well. So weird. I don't know. GG coding. There's also another bug with the leveling version, which is... There's two bugs. Actually, there's another bug with this build, but this bug is a positive bug.
[02:53:36] if i just summon totems right i can get up to four totems right because i have spirit enough for four totems but if i summon a totem and then swap with my war cry the moment i summon it before it like pops over the ground all of a sudden i have five totems now it's like i get like 75 spirit for free so hey i'm not gonna complain you know hey give me give me 25 more damage i'll take it it's probably a bit more than that x speed
[02:54:11] This one here. Quest Towers. So, that's a nice bug. This Warcry build, which I've, like, done several times, or different iterations of the years, or I guess the years, seasons, has just had, like, all these weird bugs. It's always, like, a positive and a negative. But the other bug is that when leveling, for some reason, the jagged ground from Earthquake, the skill Earthquake,
[02:54:48] doesn't appear it's as if like it it shows up at some like you put it down and all of a sudden it just doesn't appear anymore you can't get extra damage from your totems your shockwave totems it's bad because you want jagged ground right you want jagged ground and when you if you're using earthquake and it doesn't put jagged ground it means your totem is doing no damage because it only does damage when it it's jagged ground
[02:55:15] it's very annoying and the only way to fix it was to log out of your character or log out the character screen and then going back in a new zone would not fix it i don't know i have no idea why i created that unexplainable but i kind of worked around that by using volcanic fissure instead for clear that's kind of fine you can create jack ground via some other method oh this is open alive right now six why did it go up what the hell is going on
[02:56:15] Oh, whoops, that was wrong. Uh, servers? No, I'm pressing the wrong button every time. Oh, no. I'm good now. Good. Five minute rollback? What's that good? Hidden grotto. Oh, I should do tablets. Oh, my God. Why am I lagging so much? My shader. I'm going crazy. Oh, because I've never been in this map. Like, ages. I don't think I've been in this map on Vulcan.
[02:58:36] I might consider going back to DirectX.
