[03:00:35] I'm not standing in there anyway. Oh, don't lag now. Not during a boss fight. Get the boss, man. That's better. Put the totems further away. Damn, where's this last, uh... I think I'm tanky. Holy shit. Oh, cool. What happened there? He restarted my game or something. Is it a network? That was a network spike. He's not lagging so much. Still off. Still off. What is this lag? Everything has, like, a delay to it. It's so weird.
[03:04:12] okay at this point i can't get any more i'll kill the boss oh wait wait wait oh this doesn't have 14 armor break that doesn't have it oh okay so i need one more armor break i think war cry speed the vine i'm not paying the vine for this global fizz that's fine where's the area gonna build up some build up with maces not bad life regen
[03:06:11] that's good let me go damn it removed wrong one rip there's another one and a stun builder with maces that's a good one that's a good one as good as this jeweler is i think it's worth that much but maybe i'm sure someone will want that what's this oh this is the other one i see how much armor break i have that doesn't work that doesn't say see here
[03:08:04] 10, 14, 12, 11. Yes, I don't think I need this anymore. One more level, and we got Barrick Strength. Makes it from assuming the health difference. Swap shields as well. Fragments, Tablet. If I do this, I don't get a point. I need it for the money. That's a bit of damage, but I think it's more fire damage. At the end of the day, it's not what I'm in there.
[03:11:37] help that i moved did i even get touched by that but now that i use a tablet i have a chance of getting like other i've not found the best like i mean it definitely feels like i'm getting a lot more xp we get xp on tablets i still have for this i don't even know how to min max i just want as much tribute as possible right oh wait i know what i get i have oh no i didn't take them there we go lines ka-ching oh there it is it's in the boss that fast i'm seeing something
[03:16:59] it's that last monster something missing oh where's this monster where is it's bugged i can't even add points missing four points here okay so that's done level 19 nice first shatter potums is a slam that creates a spike of rock earth shatter is a slam that creates earth four seven five
[03:18:41] That's 22, which is 155. 577. 162. Basically 10%. It's less than 10%, actually. 5%. 5%. Still, it's good damage. Sell this one. Wait, don't I need to use this for the quest? For now, we'll wear that later. Sell it for 7. Wow, Lassen. Welcome in. I have to go to bed now, though.
