[00:00:34] test test okay now we're just we're back i have many defensive notes now i just have this that is it that's actually all my defensive notes hmm i could i don't want to actually go with this or health vision or 10 strength you're really doing good right when you do the first one i was like doing my this one first because it scares me
[00:03:51] These are pretty much always worth doing. Holy shit. Over res. Yeah, build's feeling pretty good now. I have to say, like, I did not think I would be able to get Warcries off the ground this early, even though it's not even that early. Like, I'm at the end of the campaign now, right? Surprisingly, I can clear just fine with it, right? My main issue was, like, sustaining the mana cost. It seems that I sold itself. I sold it. Didn't sell itself. I sold it.
[00:04:40] But the solution I had worked. The question is, I want to transition again to Ancestral Warrior Totems. That's going to be even more of a challenge, though. I've looked into it, and I can technically switch as early as 54, which is when I unlocked Ancestral Warrior Totems. But I don't know if I want to do that hardcore, because I lose a bit of defense. We'll see. One thing I'm scared of is that the Ancestral Warrior Totem setup is going to...
[00:06:48] requiring me to not use a shield on set two. I should have enough like action speed or placement speed to where like I barely ever in set two. Sometimes I'm just careful when I'm putting down totems. I wonder that that bug fix where like official coffers can now drop like ribs and stuff like that. I wonder how big of an impact that is because it's already noticeable even in the campaign. I just have to go to blood magic, which is another thing I'm kind of scared of. Already
[00:08:54] spending like this my life but how much life am i spending 18 18 6 it's 42 and i think about i can probably not get like these nodes then i can swap immediately you want these nodes but it's fine yeah i'm tanking so much i get a shield every time i war cry no i do not mean that
[00:12:13] okay it looks like the normal ones are worth doing but not the boss ones that's what it feels like anyway i'll lose plus two levels of my war cry i feel like 55 so or is it 65 so to be fair maybe i'm gonna be e take it easy on this one ash like 1.5 kg okay that's good that could turn into something real good like present come on man be in essence this yeah
[00:14:28] This beast is doing that crazy stuff. Seriously, running the dead end? Wow. Oh, maybe down here. Can't wait until I can use normal totems. Ooh, own scepter. Forget I can use normal scepters. Not going in that. Forget about it. Okay, let's think about this. That would be fine. Okay, yeah. Let's tank it, I guess. We're not plugging it up. Holy shit, did that just crit me? What the fuck? Goddamn.
[00:19:41] Yeah, there's definitely going to be a secondary, like, before Christ. Probably Blood as a secondary.
