[01:00:27] Damn, exploding corpses does so much damage. Holy shit, that damage. Yep. Tank slams. I need to get a better weapon, man. I think the J-Club might actually go pretty hard here. I don't know how much chance to hit do I have. That's pretty terrible at range. Oh, fuck. Why'd I click that? I need a better weapon. I think I just need to go crit, get accuracy. I can't even attack? What's going on? There's no way it has that slow attack speed. It lags me. It's so annoying, and it's never going to fix itself.
[01:04:33] Damn it. Why did I use this first? I was doing both warmups. Why did I do like 20 FPS? Okay, maps. How much money do these cost? 61. Wait, did I forget to... Yeah, Rupert Shell? Or were you wondering? It does not. No, Rupert Shell. There's no part that... Strength stacking doesn't exist anymore ever since 0.5.
[01:14:16] There is no strength stacking on anything. Normal Corrupted Blood doesn't have strength stacking either. There's no strength stacking attributes. No, Corrupted Blood's never scaled off strength. Ah, sorry. In 0.5, Corrupted Blood, there's no inherent property to Corrupted Blood scaling off strength. That was just the old support gem. Had the damage based on strength. They removed that in 0.5. And it scales up levels instead. I wish that would've been sick. Honestly, that would've been awesome if it...
[01:15:42] There was like an idea there kind of with how they were doing batter shouts where it scaled off strength, but they removed that part. Never added it again. Yeah, if you're asking AI, then AI will tell you scales of strength. Yeah, but it does not. Yeah, always ask the GOAT. Well, to be fair, if you can Google something or whatever or figure out something yourself, then that's the ideal scenario, right? But always you get correct information. Looking in the wrong place.
[01:17:54] the theory build ability to go all right the the what skills of strength now there's not much strength scaling in the game anymore killer and the face breakers i guess if you want you know one scale strength i don't think you just well i guess you can do some of those technically we do that on our build legitimately i can dream
[01:18:43] Let it sprinkler true. Yeah, I remember let it sprinkler. Yeah, that's actually yeah, that's actually the main one That one genuinely gets a lot of damage from scaling strength
