[01:39:55] cool but there is no actual explosions like it's not doing anything opium have you ever did you play the um the delve event where you could only play delve level up and stuff actually the whole game was just dealt right you ever play that in pv1 i'm interested there's another option where i just don't use packs packed i do exactly what i have now but i just don't use packs packed probably like packs packed having a higher multiplier is so nice
[01:41:17] In that scenario... In that scenario, I just used two more heists. Oh, you played Delvergator. But have you... Did you play the... I mean... The example, like, for all I've seen is that the leveling where you level through Delve and stuff, it just... I don't know. It just doesn't have fun. Okay, so that's what I'm saying, Copium. That was a thing, too. You could level with heist. It was the most miserable event ever created.
[01:43:02] People hated it. People absolutely detested it. Was that just an XP problem? Maybe. But still, people hated it. Like, people quit immediately. Like, heist leveling was a thing. The heist league. People couldn't get to, like, level 20. They would just instantly quit. Personally, I think you'll miss the campaign. That's all I'm saying. True. Honestly, I thought that was better. Heist.
[01:44:37] Oh, wait, I haven't got your jewel, don't I? Global fill, increase damage with war cries. War cry speed, rage and melee hit. Well, the crocodile sign, I'm confused. What's best? What's worst? Delve or heist? You already requested the holiday of smart. I don't think ancestral...
[01:45:57] Warchief totems will have, uh, Ancestral Warrior totems will have access to swords. You can only use maces currently with, uh, Ancestral Warrior totems. So, I don't want to speculate, but if I were to guess, it wouldn't work. It would be sick, though. The thing is, like, how would that even work, Hopium? All the sword skills have, like, a ready stance and all that kind of stuff. How would the totem use that properly? I drop in checking for life. No problem.
[01:47:27] Glad it's working out. Probably through. I guess that has a bit of low points in the campaign. Initially, I was planning to do this build you're doing now. The reason now it might be the same person who created it. Oh. You mean this one? Like the totem war cries? Yeah. I would definitely recommend it if it weren't for the bug. You see, like, the totem starts, like, war crying. I think the more war cries I do, the more it war cries. And it's just, like, it just lags the shit out of the game every time you summon one. It's so annoying.
[01:48:10] But if I can get the range clear reliably with Pax Pact, then it might not be too bad. Uninfused versions? Yes. I gladly like the Balrog build. Staple for sure. We build around cry explosions on Gemling. Ah, okay, yes. That's the other build, yeah. Now the Gemling, that's, yeah, that's Gemling. This is a Warbringer, so it's a bit... Sure, I am war crying to corrupt the blood like this, right? But that's like more of a secondary thing.
[01:51:01] but yeah the gemling is super good build and it's got giga buffs this patch in 0.05 not just for show 0.5.5 i don't want any of these huh in flicker totems i think i noticed that i could work i guess but totems themselves don't move and instead they have uh that they have um blanking blanking
[01:52:28] They have that little guy that walks out to attack. Someone like a spirit. If they do let that work, it would be like a spirit that flickers once, and then it would only flicker from that point. Personally, I don't recommend this build. I'm playing hardcore, so this build... I mean, the build would be good. Don't get me wrong. It's just this one bug that slags the shit out of the game. I don't know.
[01:53:20] Maybe it won't be so bad once I get my packs packed. There's some different setups but ideal It's all depths of this, right? Look at that. It's like thank you man. Yes, I mean that that builds pretty good privacy, but it was the thing is That was a lot of abilities. They were using a lot of abilities to make that work and I think people will hate
[01:54:25] having to constantly if he if he can get like frenzy charges or something and then just go into blood stance whirling assault no uh cyclone right away then it'll be pretty good sure but i don't know how live will that be but i'm pretty sure yeah swords willing to solve all that stuff it's gonna be sick can you sustain it's probably gonna be a build that just goes pure in on the flicker yeah there's 100 gonna be built like that right that's my dishwasher done
[01:56:01] Where do I go for now? I want to go for this. Oh, it's not right. Camera can't reach me. It's terrifying. I'll definitely be playing swords, Razvi. Unless there's like something crazy. I'll probably be playing swords. Will I be playing Duelist Ascendancy or like the actual class? That's a good question. Like, ever since...
[01:57:02] New class and ascendancies have been released. I've never played them on league start, but I have played the skills Explosions though clear by themselves. I won't cast when When stunned I won't cast on stun. I was supposed to be in the game, but they never added it. Oh
