[02:00:31] I mean, there's some definitely there's some like done like get purposely getting stunned like this one for example is really good and you're like just You have no some threshold on invasion. You have enough invasion to where when you get hit you get stunned But do you like insta-recharge on your shields? Okay, insta isn't correct How did you know they're not gonna be different to Pathfinder 1? pretty much so far they've changed up how they the uniques
[02:02:15] Holy shit. The fuck was that? I just got dinked. My defenses aren't even that bad. I guess it's not that much armor. I just got a native one-shot there. That's a stun? Or no, it was a stun, but was that a crit? I'd die if it weren't for this. This slow movement is cucking me. Oh yeah, the monkey anthos. He's a dick in that. No, I don't know about that, Reaper.
[02:03:58] I don't think it's enough. I don't think so, but we'll see. I said that, yeah, damn, it would be really good. On like a new character or whatever, but it's still just an event league. I'm taking it easy. I'm just starting to get chunked. Update my defense. But what, just get more armor? I don't really know. Through two levels is indeed two levels. It's nuts. What did you do about the spirit, though?
[02:05:26] It's spirit on the ambit, I guess. I want to just go... Like, what do you drop? Gloves, I guess. Don't need to get corrupted gloves. Axe pack is one div on AC trade. Only one of these is. It's honestly not that bad. It makes sense, you know. AC trade is... SSF light. Oh. Block, too. Does it need more block? London has the worst connection. Isn't it called the London servers? Oh, it just has bad internet.
[02:07:18] Yeah, I can believe all right. I was going for this hmm recovery It's what is that damage? I was fine. It's a good Yes damage. Whoa divine orb. Holy shit my goddamn box No one paranoid now opening every box. I come across either by the packets Honestly, maybe I should yeah, I'm not getting any support gems. I need support chance right now
[02:14:43] I feel like packs would just go down in price though. There's no way it's going to get more expensive. Are you an AC by chance or something? How would you know the price? Holy fucking shit. What the? Additional projectiles. Like a fucking shotgun. By rare. Oh my goodness. Getting real sketchy. It's not Qualla of a Christ. It will kill me. It will kill me. The current setup anyway. I've never gotten this far. Why can't I get out of this?
[02:16:42] i can get out of it that way i guess i need to upgrade my weapon man real bad all right and with the axe yeah but i want to spam the war cry with him i want to spam it what i'll probably do is i'll spam seismic cry i don't have i don't have a weapon i don't know maybe i should maybe okay now we go to four wait what deserted post
[02:19:00] Alright, let's go here. Hey, I got the end game though in a hardcore. I've done it. It's the first time I've ever gotten the end game in hardcore, I think.
