[02:19:55] And I have no support gems. Like, genuinely, I'm just not picking up support gems at all. I'm gonna have to buy them. I haven't picked up a single tier 5 support gem. Love your poison boot build before the weapon swap with unique boots. Before the weapon swap? Yeah, you're talking about Firefinder, right? Yeah, no, I love it too. FDA, like, it's my end leak build for sure. Feels so smooth and works super well.
[02:21:41] i'm glad you like it it's five divines though opium where'd you get the one divine from it'll go down of course i don't know about zero button but one button yeah technically it can be played zero but it's a lot slower more like min max aoe and just wait for your poison to naturally spread is someone selling it on here right why why what why
[02:23:22] Why is there a guy doing this? Has he not figured out how to use the trade system? Is he free to play maybe? Does that matter? I don't think that matters. You still have currency exchange. I do want to buy this one. There's none. Oh, is it a gold thing? You know what I'm going to do? Flip it. Oh, anyway. I don't think it's going to sell. Parker makes everything. The thought of doing maps is terrifying. Fine.
[02:26:10] I still have five levels to go before I can even... Pack's packed. It's only leveled. Yeah, this clear is pretty tragic. I think I'm playing so careful and slow. If I even remove speed, then I get rid of this shitty helmet. Helmet. Gently holding it back. I need to have range.
[02:30:25] I think what I'll do is I'll have Seismic Cry, which has range, and I'll just have Fortifying Cry going automatically on the side. And with Pax Pact. I really don't want to get close to Shirei. I actually don't. I'm just terrified. I just want to do this, Seismic Cry from range. Having two War Cries going at the same time would be sick. I just don't want to get in there. If everyone's happening over there, it needs to continue happening over there.
[02:32:12] Why is deliberate 14% on that rare mob? Wait, what? Why is it 14% on that rare mob? Is that like some weird buff effect or something? Oh, fuck. Okay, yeah, not standing there. Fallen would go hard, yeah. I do want to check. This gives me 150 spirit, which means I lose two totems. Damn.
[02:33:38] I got from four to two totems. Maybe that's fine. My Warcry does so much damage. I don't have three divines, though. It's nice the guys have swollen already, though. Okay, guess we need to buy support gems. Like, genuinely, I just don't have any support gems that I'm dropping. Like, I lived for those bugs or something. That's your projection. If you're doing this, that's kind of crazy.
[02:35:27] Dealer would love to spam Fortifying and just have Seismic swap, but unfortunately, Fortifying is the only way I can scale. I might use Astral instead of this one. Save that. Way safer. Yeah, I think you're right. I just don't feel tanky at all. I'm looking at Noogie. Obviously, he's got, you know, character now.
[02:37:16] He's got like 7k energy shield, like fuck. I would love that. Love that. I'm definitely thinking of just going all in on the Warp Rye. At that point, why am I playing Warbear? I don't know. I guess I can start it, I guess. This. I only have two. What do I have? I kind of want money. I got a mace. Let's go pike. Pick. Go pick. That one. Let's go mace. Wow, this one's actually really good.
[02:39:29] Wow, it can go so high too. Shit, Sadie's Mercy is just a really good weapon. Who's this skill do?
