[03:21:07] Lag is really a vibe killer. Shit. What is this bug? Why is my totem casting warcry animations? Like, what the hell? It looks badass, but at the same time, it's just so distracting. Let's try and do this. What is even going on? Oh, that was never on set one? Ooh. Who knows anymore. The compounding skill effects of fortifying and seismic. See, now it's fine. If I start casting...
[03:22:09] All of a sudden, they start casting it too. Oh, has someone done that in hardcore now? Oh, they don't exist. I mean, the idea, hopefully, when I get Corrupting Cry packs packed going, it will solve some of the issue, but jeez, that, you know, rough. It's just so funny, though, because, like, pretty much every single season, totems have had some sort of FPS killer. It's not even funny. Or some visual artifacting or something. It's just...
[03:23:37] geez they just can't get totems right we get some uh drink no way am i rich am i rich did i just sell what i think i did oh my all right yeah so i don't know if i i don't think i invest in swallowing yet i don't have enough block chance to get anything out of swallowing yet and i want a good swallowing right i don't want a bad swallowing you need i mean it's good but you need i want to cap my block chance to 50
[03:29:14] And you want a Svalon that doesn't let you take damage when you get hit. Or at least not much. You have a vivid imagination. The reason I can summon Sessual Warrior Totems is because of this keystone here. Sessual Bond. No charge requirement for placing Totems. Totems reserve 75 Spirit instead. That's why I'm using Scepters. So that I can summon them by using my Spirit.
[03:30:18] I don't know. I think I need to save that. Sure. I think I just save that currency. I could give my this weapon. Or like the really good weapon. What's it called? Ruling Madness. This thing. Stay this mercy. Four divines is way too expensive though. It's a bad roll too. This thing is just nuts early on. It can get much better than this one. Even this thing is insane. Wow. I could get a better helmet. Do I buy a better helmet though?
[03:31:36] How much money do we have? Ooh, that's gonna cost. It's already not a terrible item. Can I use this on this? I can. Oh yeah, masquerade? Glad it's working out. I know that my... I keep saying this every time someone mentions it, but the leveling sections for the Concussed Titan aren't that great.
[03:32:44] But, I mean, I did a League Star then. Similar. Ooh, Cold Res. Fair enough. Massacre, yeah. You kind of have to do some filling in the blanks there. Well, so far, I have been copying. Resistance is great. We can do those gems. Spirit of Fire. Look at all these things we can have active. That'll do too. All we want. Decision, for sure. Yo, Fabio, what's up?
[03:34:18] Yeah, the blue moon. I stream every blue moon in Path of Exile. I'll have some. Fair enough, I guess. Well, you have other shit going on. I don't. I'm going to have to use this for now. Nah, I'm going to make it out. I'm not greedy. That's good. Symbolism. Symbolism here. Accuracy. Yeah, I think that should go up quite a bit now. Yeah. It's always active. Keep this out.
[03:36:29] Yeah, that's perfect. Oh, Fabi, you would have loved... I don't know how much you're into exercising and stuff. I mean, you are into exercising, right? But yesterday I was a part of Schistjägerlöfer. I don't know if you've heard of it. It's organized by Bitlifty Blitz. And honestly, I want to say it's the most fun race I've ever been a part of. Genuinely. It's complete dogshit weather, like pouring, like pissing down, like really windy.
[03:38:17] But, still, I enjoyed it. Those obstacles you have to go through are much more extreme as well than I thought. Especially during bad weather. And I was also the first in my group, I guess. Like, company. I don't really know my time or anything yet. If they even track that stuff. And I need to sign up with my email. Also, that was surprising. I didn't really know what it was going to be like.
[03:39:29] It was like crawling on their stuff and going through caves. That was kind of expected. But like the third obstacle was like, okay, cross this lake stream. It goes up to your head, you know? Oh, okay. All right. At that point, I was like trying to jump over puddles and maneuver around muddy areas. And all of a sudden, yeah, you're going straight in the water.
