[03:39:55] And all of a sudden, yeah, you're going straight into the water. And after that, I was like, oh, I don't even care anymore about jumping in the puddles. Or, like, getting sucked in by... Yeah, it felt tough. Like, that much, it definitely felt tough. What's next? I don't know about that one, probably. I don't know about that one. Still hurting. It was fun, though. Because, I don't know about, like, just... I guess running through the mountains was also quite a bit of fun. You know, having to, like, maneuver around rocks. You know, okay, how...
[03:41:34] I want to pick up the pace. Where do I have to step? Make sure my foot doesn't cave in. It was still about 7 kilometers too, which was also surprising. Did not feel like it, surprisingly. Even though I'd be way more exhausted doing this than doing, you know, a normal 10K. But I guess you don't really keep pace like you would in a 10K. You have to take breaks sometimes, especially when you're going uphill. I think we were at something.
[03:43:20] One more level and we can equip Pax Pax. Oh wait, debilitate is its own move speed slow, isn't it? Oh. It makes shit super slow. Oh, fuck me. I knew he had an anchor move, but I was not ready for it. It was sponsored by work, yeah. So it was with my team. I don't think, I don't know if I could even do it. I guess you could do it individually, but yeah, it was with my company. We were like 10 people, I think, something like that. 10 year friendship anniversary on Discord. Damn.
[03:45:19] Cool. Oh, nice. Wait, gold? No, that's not the helmet I thought it was. I don't need this. I wonder if this is worth something. It's a cool item, though. I know, yeah. Didn't we have Discord during the beta days? I'm pretty sure either. I've not got a single tier 2 yet. There's shit on my screen. I should position my tones a bit better. Write these spikes.
[03:51:42] Wait, wait what? I don't have packs packed yet. I don't have any levels. I have no levels. Yeah, yeah, 100% right. The Warcry damage is not even going to be close to anything Gemling can achieve. This is not really my main focus, right? Just a plus two levels from Gemling. Like more than anything this ascendancy can do for a Corrupting Cry, right? It wants your packs packed anyway. I like playing hardcore, but I don't say I like playing hardcore, but I am playing hardcore.
[03:53:41] I like living in hardcore, right? So this ascendancy is a bit better for that. The gemlings version is just like giga juice now. We got plus two levels for free. That's honestly insane. There we go, level 65. Fuck that. Going for this? I think I'll go for a jewel socket. I'm not sure where to go for now. I was going for something on the side here. And I had to have it. Fuck.
[03:55:41] Where's my block? I need a better shield. Alright, pack's packed time. I'm gonna do this. This, this, this setup there and interludes. Now we go two. This is pretty good. I need more. One. We'll see how that goes, I guess. I don't have a fragment.
