[04:00:05] Now, here's the question. How can I get a plus four weapon? What? It doesn't exist? OPM. Are you explaining this to me? Did you realize I made the Fortifying Cry build last league, right? I know how it works. Did you not see my build last league? You keep coming in here to explain stuff that I know. I appreciate it, I guess, but... No, actually, honestly, I don't appreciate it.
[04:01:17] I understand how it works. Thanks. I agree. Yes. It's very hard. You can't go back. Once you figure that out. Fortunately, this build is a bit different. You kind of have to. Let's just see how it is just this. I want to go this right away. All right. We wanted something else on our seismic. Do we go Rage or do we go something else? Go Rage. Too much damage. I think we should go Rage and Cry. That does not add a multiple.
[04:03:24] Regen was my HP right. I got two warcries going at the same time. Yeah, it's working alright. I'm surprised it's how well it's working with like no scaling. Shit. It's a lot safer now too though. The lag went down as well because I'm not using the warcry as much. I think. Is there something? That lag works? And I'm full rage all the time. I'm like literally perma rage. What does that mean?
[04:06:44] Was being full rage mean and like 1% crease armor and war points for that War points with 30% increase. It was gonna be a beast. It's a boss Solar am it daddy's expensive. He's not so much any gym cars. It'll only to your one man. This guy can fuck me up Thank you. I work in those buttons
[04:16:38] Normal crit don't work on thorns, gotta be global. Uh, unsure about that one, chief. I know that, um, thorns is decent, but the problem is delivery mechanism is wacky. There's some theories going around, though, that you can do a mana stacker eventually, uh, with, um, so you have this node here, which gives you six base crit on thorns, which is pretty good, but, uh, with, uh, swords. Because cyclone will allow you to use
[04:17:17] Both a strike and a AOE skill. A strike? Yeah, both a strike and an AOE skill. Which gives you the lightning bolt. I don't know about the Crop to Cry. I don't know about back to doing this. Essence is pretty good, I guess, really. Mine is good as well. I've gotten this shield, like, so many times. Four times.
