[05:27:07] fix me up do i need a coffee is that it do we just need a coffee and we're like pumping hot cup of java but is it even java anymore like where is java just a coffee bean sword where does this like hot cup of java come from where where where does that come from i want to know what like i literally ask you don't want to know what the there's nothing there's nothing i would want to know more in my life right now if you guys want to know
[05:28:41] if you guys keep this up chat oh finally delirium passive point i love gaming played magic for the last two days now it's time for a pv grind oh what build are you going with and why is it a spore monk if coffee tastes bitter it's because it's either been roasted too hard or it's mainly because it's been roasted too hard or depending on how it's been prepared mainly to do with uh too hot of a roast like too dark of a roast like
[05:30:20] so the whole like the whole like the whole like poo thing um what they're called i think that has to do with how it is like it's like a form of fermentation i mean the way you develop flavor in coffee is through fermentation yes i'm eating sort of eating or watching uh oh i know what you can watch i don't know if they're loads forget what the animals called i sent you full presidency
[05:31:26] It's like it's right on my tongue. What is this? Oh my god, it's the exploiters. What the hell? What is going on there? What is this? I just call it community, you know. Community building. I'm cogging. No, I want to see the boss fight. GGG. Can I see the game? Plague link. That was another boss.
[05:32:36] Okay, now we're doing the ritual. There's another boss there. Oh, yes, I can see it. That was a good transition. Boom. Where's the loot? Okay, it's coming. It's coming. Big loot explosion. Here we go. Oh my god, a heavy belt. Wait. Is that a headhunter? Damn, that looks juicy. That's so Rance-free.
[05:33:41] This is some decent amount of changes in content, but I would say... Unless you didn't play 0.5, then tuning in now is that exciting. If you didn't play in 0.5, then... No f***ing way, what?
[05:34:20] No way the timing Oh Wow, yeah, then yeah, then there's plenty of stuff for you want to come back in now
[05:34:54] And then I die. And then I die in the middle of explaining how if you get hit, then I should have more vision than I have. No way.
[05:35:31] Wow, projectile has a hitbox? I had no idea. I thought it was just the place it hits the ground. Whoa, what the fuck just happened? Is it 20 million? Meta builds are disgusting.
[05:36:18] Wow, that is pretty chill the way they play the game. Rams, Rift. It's like, you know, Monkey is pretty good. That's like basically perfect build for that. Oh, Monkey is... I don't know if you know this, but it's the Spirit Walker. You tame the Monkey boss, and he just like starts killing everything. Then again... Minimal graphics? Let's have graphics.
[05:37:10] Oh my god. They gave us a hand. They gave us a hand. Victory. This is some kind of scam.
[05:38:02] I've seen a tweet where someone basically... Wait. Wait. Okay, let me get you guys. Oh, the fight's bugged. But the fight is bugged and you guys are dead. I can't res you. There's like laser beams on your corpses. Yeah, dude, I can't even res you boys. Sorry.
[05:38:33] Yeah, they're literally laser beams on your corpses. Wait, I just died when going through the portal? What? That clip gives me deja vu. I feel like that happened last night. That's why I don't use a cam. I'm fully naked, just like, uning everywhere. I'm also using a standing desk, like, if I can stand. I guess this is a greater ego. Oh, I cooped, Irel. I actually have to clean it up real quick. Oh.
[05:39:19] God damn! Vendor that? Okay. I'm so sorry!
