[05:59:57] i found my peewee 2 cat watch niggy do just one divine on hardcore seriously hold that i check the actual price hmm alt six in plays around this it just doesn't even have chaos resistance what i understand why similar to this okay one is bound to buy that i'll be using this i didn't have mana
[06:05:01] If I can get life, that's expensive. There is no loot factor for SPL Rock. I don't make loot filters for any of my builds. Personally, I don't think it should be an expectation, but I guess other creators have set that expectation, which is fine. But I won't.
[06:05:47] added that is too much preference too much can go wrong i can't i don't want to update all my filters and stuff you know but there's no filter for it if you want to make have a like a filter that works through the campaign then i recommend uh just taking going filterblade.com or yeah and then taking warrior with armor gear but taking staffs instead of maces okay
[06:07:54] this is what i'm gonna do i'll show you how to do it so no i do not have filter but actually wait a second okay i don't know if i'd recommend that one but those spl rock those are my filters those are the filters that my i currently have on my account right
[06:08:58] But, I mean, I'm currently using a different one. I'm using Never Sink, yeah. But I'm using HC Warbringer. This one. It's all Never Sink. I just recommend you have Staff. You know, Quarter Staff. You too, Esper Rock. Enjoy the build. Sit on the boss. Moment of lights dropping like crazy? Seriously? I haven't gotten far enough into the campaign. Or into the endgame, right? Still on tier 2 maps, you know.
[06:13:47] cage oh that would i wonder if this is what you use on flickr yeah i think they fixed they definitely fixed something as well with the they fixed something with chests and i'll actually drop stuff because i'm getting like you can like you can actually drop stuff from the chest now for you like you got some random bears maybe some currency but you never got the abyss currency for some reason it was bugged this entire time i could be wrong i could be wrong that's just my guess
[06:15:28] Little divine orbs. Can I get the weapon? Sadist Mercy. I think it's just that one that exists. Oh wait, this one's actually way better than the other one. It's still pretty quick. Should I buy it? Four divines though. Ish. And it's five grueling madness and hit. Fuck it. I don't know if it's worth it, but that's how I'm going to spend my currency on. So much grit on this thing. Actually disgusting. Oh, I can suck stuff in scepters too. Good strength.
[06:17:22] just go with damage right wrong with damage done build up that was all my results okay oh greater jewelers are gonna use that on sure i don't think the fire and cold is enough to matter here's your brutality solid one what i have in my fancy fissures there's no brutality bleed
[06:19:00] Bleed. Okay, yeah. Bleed's actually probably the other one. Can they inflict incision? Right. Both of those, actually. I might have to... I wonder what I'd go for. Maybe I'd go for a Shattering Blow as my knight. Or Guilt, Guilt.
