[06:40:15] Would love to go here. She has something gives me how many? How does this though? I will that will wrap you see I can't get much trouble. That's whatever No, Chris No, but Kind of let me show my screen. So if you do exclamation mark builds the one of the top that's
[06:45:37] what i'm playing but it's currently not updated this is a lot of this stuff is old from previous seasons and doesn't work anymore right what i'll do is i'll do import that's my current character uh if you want to look at that you can also just check my stream for what i did uh you know just check my bods if you want i'll eventually update this uh yeah
[06:46:46] And you know, of course ask me questions It's there. It's like the leveling is similar But it definitely deviates after like a level 30 this build won't be until 1.1. I never played the new class my first releases this free name is or bringer I definitely need to work on the guy bless one of those things where you know, I can't work on the guide and
[06:48:34] play at the same time. And I'm not like other content creators where I have like a pre-made something that I've already tested. I don't like making guides for something I haven't, you know, played yet, basically. I've already deviated a lot from what I had initially planned. And this is hardcore, which means I've made a couple decisions that I probably wouldn't normally. Is Bladefall in the game? I don't think... What class is Bladefall? Why do I just insta-stun the mob?
[06:50:02] hey the damage is identity crack now that weapon just goes so hard i have like no multi on the tree too it's coming with duelists okay the blade fall is a spell that's pretty good damage you can damage oh yeah i think i can do that with a unique which is like dirt cheap relatively though cheap i'm sure it's cheap and software sounds good
[06:51:32] Ooh, that could be good as well. I think I'm going to go for this into this. Go for this. Perfect. Oh my goodness. Oh, yeah. I guess... Okay. Yeah. I mean... I guess in a way, that is Bladefall. It puts in lingering blades, you know? But they've changed up how lingering blades work, right? But you're not wrong. Superior Silver Royal Cache. Oh, shit.
[06:52:47] Let me go for the Relic. Yeah, I mean, to be fair, if you think about it, Banshee, it's Suppressing Fire. Isn't that what you want? I mean, Suppressing Fire also has a cooldown, but it's a bit more reminiscent because it shoots three times. Rains down three times. It's kind of like Unleash. No, it isn't. It's like an actual build, Banshee. Have you seen that? Yeah, yeah. Check out Kal'torak or Crouching Tuna. I think it made a build as well.
[06:53:38] Bad for it. So many of these, by the way, the time trials. I know it's random, but still. I love them. Good. Uber bosses. What are uber bosses? There's no such thing as uber bosses in B2. Yeah. Alright, Chris. Yeah, if you like totems, just covering this room with totems and exploding everything, then this is the build.
[06:55:48] And, like, Corrupting Cry, Spice. Yeah, exactly. That's what I was saying, Bansley. Ooh. Damn, that's rough. Should I do this? Just because I'm, like, right next to the boss anyway. Oh, no. Crap. Okay. Wait, I have... Wait a second. No, I should have done that. I should have done that. You know why? No. Oh, no, never mind. I used that one already.
[06:57:45] I thought I had a boon that converted the next affliction into a boon instead, but that was what we used up. That's good. Oh, these are insane. Moon speed. I feel like I'm already going to want some. Yeah, choking is, yep, you can easily, especially in the fourth area, that's where, like, chicken goes south quick. Okay, looks like we're fine.
