[07:01:32] Honestly with this kind of damage. I'm feeling I'm genuinely feeling Like five totems is nice, but I feel like I can get pretty far with just three Have a weapon swap Ascended Now here's the question of a wooden wall or Jade heritage Like wooden walls better just prints all damage right it hits it heritage gives you you know base PDR Which is can be really good. Just gives you like a massive shield, you know
[07:02:40] i think i have enough health i can go you know run this training for block i wouldn't well is that conest is that just currency boots who said it was good for warrior leveling uh balrog bear is solid for warrior leveling um yeah there's other variations out there you got cus titan uses quarterstaffs my current build uses maces early on into totems
[07:05:26] then immensely war cries i don't have a guide for the leveling though or do i or not update that anyway 13 items identified let's see here seasons oh that thing's good very good one point off here 10 chance days hit wow i'll play concussive titan that jewel is bullet through your fingers more swamps more trudging
[07:09:44] Yeah, Bowerbear is very much still viable. Yep. I even made some updates to it recently. I should probably remove that text, honestly. As much as it informs people, the video is a tiny bit outdated, right? The video's outdated, but the actual guide itself is... I don't need to update it. It's good to inform people. The problem is most people don't understand what that means. Yeah, it's very good. There's several people playing it to enchant and stuff, so...
[07:10:36] before I chat. I'm in a position where I can make like a day, day three kind of update video for this. Oh, there's the boss. Yeah, once I equip this weapon, damn, the totems have been destroying. I'm wondering if I should swap out, oh, swap out some, uh, my scepters though. Put a shield here and then, and have like a mace here with levels for my war cries. I'm wondering. It could be good.
[07:13:28] I promise I lose out on two totems, though. Maybe I have enough totems already. My damage is insane now. These are low tier maps, though. Oh, thank you so much for the prime. Appreciate it. Ooh, we can take the jewel socket. Going for something else. Ah, yes. Oh, wait, no. I need to do that ritual. Where is it? Eh, fuck this map. I failed to join instance. See you now, Chris. Okay. I got work tomorrow, but...
[07:14:54] i'll try and update the guide eventually but you can just follow my character you know i'm people ninja or check out my what i did in my stream right one i would want to say one thing chris is that there's a bug right there's a bug right now where i use fortifying cry okay actually how i okay well you see when i summon my totem you see how like it does the same animation
[07:15:22] as fortifying cry right it like pulls in the air it's hard to explain but you see how it has like that little effect right it's not supposed to do that i have no idea why it's doing that it's not supposed to it doesn't do that with other war cries it only does it with this one if i use fortifying cry enough i take out these two i keep spamming this and then start something you see how it like it starts creating an even bigger effect like every time i use this war cry
[07:15:58] cause a bigger and bigger effect. You can look at my FPS at the top of my screen. It starts like... It's super weird. It's like a... It's weird. It's a weird bug. But, once you put in Echoing Cry, you're only using this War Cry like every four seconds, give or take, so it doesn't really get that bad. And it resets every time you go to a new zone. But just beware, right? It will... It will lose some FPS.
[07:16:33] Unfortunately, it's only fortifying cry all the other war cries. I had no idea why it does that. It's just the weirdest interaction ever No, that's not what I wanted to do And this one built uh, so blood of the warrior is terrible you I would not recommend that one because it Blood of the warrior gives you very little life regen for your flasks Okay, hmm No, I wouldn't use blood of the warrior It doesn't really do anything for the build
[07:18:23] And as for Shibuya, Shibuya is good. It's actually used in the very uber endgame. You're actually using Shibuya. Because you... Well, the only reason I added there is because it just makes the totem that you put down to break armor faster. That's the only reason though. The mace doesn't really matter much. But I do recommend it. And Shibuya is really good early too. No, the uber endgame. So the actual endgame endgame. I recommend that weapon.
[07:19:39] The reason it's not in the end game is because you want a weapon for Forge Hammer. Because Forge Hammer is a much stronger fissure than Fury of the Mountain. You can hold on to it, right? As long as it's better than whatever...
