[08:00:18] this ignite duration has freeze duration increase momentum this is good this is good herbalism oh my god i think this works at all i just do 84 well all right we're just gonna go one blooded i guess what's the shock what is it less shock patient losing these two are gonna suck with it we should get the turtle every time eighty percent increased armor forty percent increased block nice
[08:08:46] What's its name? Tony. Tony the turtle. Sea turtle. I think it's sea turtle-y. I'm late. Dinner soon. I think the chicken I had, like, out in my backpack just over the night didn't spoil. Not good. Technically not bad. A lot of damage. I think I have enough alchemists to keep doing this. Is that maximum chance to block? Is that a thing? Oh, player resistance. Mm-mm.
[08:13:28] what's it going for now like i went for that last time action rage is not bad this is what six eight fourteen percent more damage but oh it's still for 10x i should expensive damn let's go down here that could have been bad i don't know what just happened but i i stunned frozen uh basically yeah as juice kind of
[08:15:51] But I already had, like, ideas of how stuff worked. I already had, like... I wanted to use this Incest of War totems with War Price. So I knew there was going to be a synergy there. I had an initial plan. But not, like... Oh, my God. Holy shit. What was that? Oh, I didn't take damage. I didn't actually take damage. I just got this shrine, which increased my HP. So it looked like I lost HP, but I just gained HP. It always spooks me.
[08:16:52] but basically I spam I have chapters in my hands have spirit and that's how you can summon totems what spirit you have the more totems you can have and each totem has earth shatter in it which is like these little spikes that it puts down I detonate those spikes with my war cries my war cries also explode corpses heal me give me some defense try corrupt the blood and
[08:17:23] And apply critical weakness, which is basically more crit to my totems. Just increase the damage of my totems. Combo between totems and warcries. I should probably finish the tools. Pretty much tattoos. The turtle, the actual minions, the little spirits, the summon, they do nothing. They don't actually do anything. They're just like cosmetic. They buff as well. They're more like supports. The east totem summons them as like a part of my ascendancy. But they're not actually doing any damage.
[08:19:18] attack there's like two spirits there's one that you know the animals and there's one like dude that uses my ace skill but still more stuff left
