[08:19:56] Still more stuff left Ideally, I want to get this to power where I can just like walk around and this one war cry just bleeds everything to death You've seen the other build, right? Or like clearing most things totems for like bosses and tons of enemies Still have only 15. I've got a Marsha. Yeah, I did That cleared immediately, but I guess I get just there's more and more Mars per
[08:24:05] Why re-roll? Is Balrog War bad? I never re-rolled. This was the build I played from the start. This season. I haven't played Balrog Bear since... I guess I played Titan version of Balrog Bear last season. I didn't re-roll, but I didn't finish, I guess. Because I had other builds I wanted to do. I usually don't play the same build twice. Unless I'm doing a new version of it. Completely new build.
[08:25:55] Oh, no, it's not. Well, in a way it is, I guess. I want to do these shrines, but where are they? Oh, I didn't see your message, Reaper. Sorry. Alright. I might stream during the weekend. I'm not sure about it yet. Probably. Probably do streams after eating. I don't have any plans. Have a good one. I got the explosions from the Warframe. I actually like the artwork.
[08:28:32] They're clear by themselves. I don't like what they're doing. They're just kind of cool. I need to just do the higher tier maps at this point. I just need to do the two dicks. I'm just a bit scared. Regular. Best map of the world. Oh, chill ground. I don't know if I should even do these. I guess it's cool to kill lots of them. I need to invest into the ritual. Yeah, honestly, that's what I should do. I should be doing leveled up.
[08:33:34] Should I be picking up? I think once I get tier 5 and up, tiered loot, I could pick it up. But I feel like bears can go for a pretty penny. HC. So little players in here. Bots. Ooh, serve shards, huh? You don't get it. Where's my cool little... I thought you didn't have to be that high level. Just high level 70? Where are my omens? I guess I am getting omens. Where's my good omens?
[08:36:26] One max life. Just not missing out on the res, eh? I have a lot of res. I guess. Where did I get that res from? 100 life. 2,000, I mean. I need more crit chance. Let me go down here and get these. I can actually go for both of these. Ideally, I want them both global, right? Strength. Alright, but that's going to be me for today. Thank you. Foods. And I have work tomorrow. And a... That's it.
[08:39:15] hey see you guys probably tomorrow for you know shorter streams but the progress continues still alive hc level 74 genuinely impressed we came this far i was feeling pretty good oh my gosh you actually have to do this for that you have to do this for the challenge i had no idea what is this
