[00:00:57] Let me in. I don't think the queue's gonna be there. Test, test, test. How do I do that? What we can do now... Get... Filter maybe ready? Oh, I don't have a link for... I'm gonna play. It's one of those things where I'm not... This is hardcore. I guess I might as well link to my old build. Yo, Ito. Welcome in. Welcome in. Ito, how do I still have subscribers? I have eight subscribers still. How's that... What? I don't think I've streamed for like three months.
[00:02:24] Die hard fans about you're one of them. Oh, I know, you know, I check that guy check yourself Yeah, I guess it's all ourselves. Yeah, how do we update? And up my you know, I'll update my And I'll add in war bringer It's not technically a new build be temple For me but yes, yes more like a rehash or
[00:03:49] hmm a rework i guess maybe that's more of a right word reforged there is a pub yes uh let me see it but oh awesome i would love to hear that eleanor glad you're enjoying it there's been a bit of concern with the balrog build because of you know how it got changed a tiny bit in 3.5 but
[00:04:21] I did some testing and like, it's still a good build. People still seem to do just fine. It's perfect for league start. It's just so cheap. It can't, it's hard to scale like super high end, but you know, it's, no, it didn't get nerfed in 0. No, it didn't get nerfed. You've already, the version you were playing has not been nerfed. No. When I first made it in 0.4 and then over to 0.5.
[00:04:47] they made it so that triggers such as the footsteps from ancestral cry and the walking calamity meteors can't trigger spells anymore which which made it a bit it didn't really make it that much worse because you didn't trigger spells anyway for um like most content like spells never procced while you were clearing there's many for rares
[00:05:17] and then you can for various you're using molten crash and molten crash still proc spells so and then i made a titan version in 0.5 as well to accommodate for that just in case i actually updated the titan version very recently with crit setup i should have made i was kind of messing around with the titan for a lot and i didn't find anything too special with it and then i was like wait a second just give it a scepter and get crit uh let's see here
[00:06:01] monitor oh i need to get it i mean i know i say zero button people like i have that little asterisk like it is zero button once you click those two buttons and but you can press molten crash you know you can press the successful car you don't have to but i mean a special warrior totem and stuff
[00:06:35] Oh, I also changed all of the guides a lot in order. I don't know if you noticed. Apparently, I didn't know this. Well, I suspected it. I suspected this for a long time, but I didn't confirm. But apparently, Forge Hammer. Yeah, so Forge Hammer. This does not stack with other fissures. So fissures from like Fear of the Mountain and Forge Hammer, they can't do damage at the same time. Only one does damage.
[00:07:08] So I removed Forge Hammer from both the end game and the Titan, both of these, because Multicrash was going to do the one doing most of the damage anyway. So it was just kind of annoying, right? It was just annoying. It was just being annoying. So I just replaced it with Elemental Weakness. So Elemental Weakness is just a big damage boost to everything. So both builds have Elemental Weakness now, and it should... I was like, before I had tons of... I still have it. I still have...
[00:07:37] fire penetration which i think is still good for clear because you don't want to cast curses for clear right but for bosses especially now that they've nerfed resistances on bosses this is a big damage boost like on arbiter no not arbiter on the arbiter of divinity this is like 20 or 30 more damage which is insane and you're not casting any more skills because you're using this instead of infernal core uh force hammer
[00:08:18] And now I'm going to play this old build. I guess I can favorite it now, maybe. This one. This is what the Warcry build was before the gemling. And I had to use totems for single target. Corrupting Cry just wasn't that good back in the day. It was good enough to clear early on, but it kind of fell off. So I'm going to reconfigure this into...
[00:08:50] a build that can be played in 0.5 or 0.55 this current version is like technically playable but it before you scale strength and stuff which i don't do anymore so i haven't updated anything though yet actually what can i do i update stuff here now this version was so cool though this version was so cool and they were like you know what let's nerf hateforge into unusability
[00:09:32] They nerfed this build so many times. Mid-league as well. Like, builds did not get nerfed mid-league. But for some reason, they had to nerf this one. Which is just... I don't understand. It wasn't even that good. I think it was pretty good. But it wasn't, like, good compared to, like, some of the meta builds, right? I think it just lagged their service so much. Because you spawned so many totems. They had a cap of 10. And after they capped it at 10, they, like, nerfed attack speed. And then they nerfed hateforge. Uh...
[00:10:06] Alanor, yes, there is a workaround. You shouldn't lose any buffs. If you do, it means you configured it a bit incorrectly. So, where do I have this? Frequently asked questions? No, no, no. Do I have this frequently asked questions? Yes, here we go. Why didn't you just select the reactor when I swapped the human form? You need to have it selected for both sets, not just set one.
[00:10:38] And then what you need to do is you actually need to select it for set 2 first, then set 1. Because if you put it in set 1, it won't let you select set 2. It's super weird. There's so many weird, like, finicky bugs. Can I swap the Magnet for... Yeah, sure. Of course. This is one of those... What did I put in here? I put Spirit. I mean, yeah. You can use anything you want. You don't need Spirit then, for sure. I do think this is really good. Like...
[00:11:10] This allows you to ramp endurance charges a lot faster early. And basically always have endurance charges, right? But the other two, you know, it's whatever. Yeah, I don't know. It would be pretty unviable to weapon swap if every time you lose your Ancestral Croy. It's weird though. It's so buggy because it gives you the armor of the bear. So it gives you the bear armor when you swap. So you have like floating textures. Anyway, but it still works.
[00:11:47] Because I think because the thing with the ignite magnitude Eleanor is that our ignites aren't doing that much damage, right? You know, they give so many small hits that the ignites aren't doing that much But what they are doing is that they're giving us more energy for comets, right? But the problem is I don't I think on bosses I'm not 100% sure about this, but I think that every hit we do with molten crash is enough to trigger one comet
[00:12:13] which means getting more ignite chance or ignite duration, ignite magnitude, doesn't actually give you any more covets, I think. I mean, if you're doing it on the Titan version, then I guess. Hard to say. Because attack damage also means more ignite, right? But it's not ignite magnitude. Ignite magnitude is a separate multiplier, right? Act 1. What are you... Oh, wait, I have this here, don't I? I'm sure I copy...
[00:13:06] Oh, this is gonna be annoying. Track build. Can I not, like, set a character to do this? No, that's not the one. Track build, here we go. Okay, I had to select the character first. For now, we're not gonna... Ah, maybe just delete this for now. Okay, we'll delete all of this. Uh... If I fix this... Visage him with it. Let's do this. Endgame utilizes... Destro... Earth Shatter.
[00:14:41] Add this to all. I guess we can have this just in case we don't want people to bait people. In case people are clicking on this guide expecting exactly what I planned. Is this build good? Great question. Yeah, I don't know. You see, I chatted with Aeon and it actually said Ignite does proc more Comet. I don't know. Is it wrong? No, that's correct. That is correct. Ignite. Yeah, so Ignite Magnitude would indeed proc more Comets. Yeah, as I explained.
[00:15:31] the thing is but there's a cap right it's it's weird so each ignite can only give you a maximum of 100 energy right you can only proc one comet any more than that and it's wasted so this build i don't know i usually don't like saying like oh you should try the thing that i'm trying right because i don't know i don't know if it'll be good well it'll be solid i think it'll be solid but i'm gonna be playing hardcore right
[00:15:59] And that's one of the things I like about this build is that it's a bit more hardcore-oriented. It's slower. It's not as comfy as other builds. But it'll be somewhat League Star friendly. I personally would not follow this, though. I wouldn't follow what I'm doing unless you're really interested in playing a warrior. Yeah. Until I can showcase what it becomes, right? It's definitely going to be slower, a bit more buttons and stuff.
[00:16:34] There's plenty of other good builds, you know, I know Honestly, I know I don't know why I mean, I guess people can do what they want But I've gone made this builds. No, I didn't make this bill. He made a guide for the build Specifically this bills or it was already out there. You know, I prefer your size eat, but This guy's honestly pretty good. It's it's well explained right but isn't a solid build and get you pretty far
[00:17:09] If you want to play something I have, then you can try this build. The Fartfinder, if you haven't already. I updated it recently to now use Chavron's Satchel. So it solves the recovery and defense a bit, quite a bit early on. Because before it was kind of like iffy without Mageblood. And that's never a good sign, right? But now I think with Chavron's Satchel, it's going to be pretty solid. The only problem with this build, though, is that it has a lot of moving parts. So there's a lot that can go wrong.
[00:17:39] uh but it's a one button build like super smooth it's definitely once you get this build online it's like my best build ever uh but as for the gear it can get kind of expensive especially here not like meta super expensive but it can get expensive and the single target it's not that great early on either that's what i recommend and the reason i recommend that is because you actually want like a build with ci doing chaos damage which is what this is poison right
[00:18:13] because of the new trial. The new trial of Chaos will probably, I mean, it's one of the only things, the new content in the game, right? So you only want to try the new content. And this will be good to ignore a lot of the mods in the Chaos trial. I had a POB, didn't I? Wrong POB. I've seen that you can go, you can go like here. So this, this. Smash I think is good, but maybe it's not that good. Don't get that much damage though. Like getting like, it's just two points to get so much damage.
[00:19:44] Up here and you go down here. So this is 1 2 3 4 5 6 Then is 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10
