[00:19:55] Two, three, four, five, six, seven, eight, nine, ten. Yeah, okay. I can see why. Let me go for that. I don't need to go this direction either, so we can go. One, two, three, four, five. Two. Hold on, one, right? No, two. One, two, three, four. Oh, that's only four. I actually gained a lot of points. Yeah, I think that's fine. Need these nodes here. Roaring cries. Let me just swap some of this, though. Oh, that works.
[00:21:07] 120 points here. I think this is mandatory to get some... What else can I do? No worries, Eleanor. I'd like to respond to messages in chat. Shaman Calamity. Oh, right. I've not tried Shaman Calamity. I will say that the Balrog build can 100% be adjusted to work on a Shaman. The thing about Shaman...
[00:21:55] The thing about Shaman is that you don't want to take this note here. You can't take this note. This could be pretty cool. Druidic Champion. But you do lose Fire Spell on hits. Because the problem with Calamity on Shaman is that this makes... Actually, I'm not sure about Calamity, but I know Essential Cry, the steps, consume Rage every time you take a step. And if you have any kind of supports, you basically delete your Rage. But I've not tried...
[00:22:31] Shaman with calamity. Are you talking about maybe this one apocalypse? What do you mean? I just walk in calamity I've not I've not done bear shaman at all. Oh shit queues up. Oh, no, I didn't notice one thousand Use up queues up log in log in one you wanna go this Well the area you go for this just for 12 area. I don't know what level is this? level 18 Not too bad
[00:24:02] surprisingly but still that's like end of act one though is it actually let's set one you pretty wanna go oh no rip eleanor i mean to be fair i don't think this league is there's not gonna be as many people here for this like league event season uh compared to like a normal season so i doubt the queue will be that big this is very interesting race shields and flick parrot like that's
[00:25:13] a lot i wonder if this is like genuinely your best set actually whoa i just realized how good this is this could actually be insane on hit wait on hit wait what does that mean you actually have to hit with ray shield when i when i get hit is when i get hit two seconds isn't that great but still it could be pretty crazy this is act one act two
[00:26:32] Actually, I don't think I'll even have this back, too. I'm not really sure what I'll do back, too. We could go Resolute Technique. I already want some block. I want to go, like, here, probably. Defense. This. I actually want that to be... Because we need to go over here, eventually. Move all in our totems? I don't know about that. What was this? 31? This, I guess? I don't know. Oh, crap.
[00:29:40] Rename to 3. 3 is going to be a tough one. I'm going to try out OG. It's one of those things where all the builds I make guides for, I usually, you know, I'm either already playing it or I have played it, right? So beware. Now, of course, this is a rendition of an old build. So the theory should be fine. But it still has a lot of new stuff in it. And I'm going to play hardcore.
[00:30:33] just disclaimer if you want yeah of course you can find uh i will what i'll do i'm not sure yet what i'll do i might just put on the moba i can post the povs i guess but the problem is usually when i make povs i end up like completely switching up a lot of stuff anyway when i actually play my character i don't want to bait like i don't want to like tell people to do something and then i just completely do something else you know
[00:31:07] so ideally people just you know follow me on stream if they want to play the build that i'm playing they can follow my stream right and i'll usually update as i go along thank you reaper shell i appreciate that why are you going the corrupting cry generally again reaper i mean just fyi i well you i think you already were in the discord right telling me that you were unsure right but you know that you can't start it right you have to do a separate build
[00:31:41] or a gem for a mercenary that's fine oh yeah oh gee yeah i mean still honestly like when it comes to my builds the pathfinder is the one i've been done the most uh and it's it's also what i end my leagues on because i feel like i can invest a lot into it and it just feels so smooth and good and this this version in 0.5 is no different right it's not as it's much definitely a lot more expensive though
[00:32:20] than what the 0.1 version used to be which was like you know equip some items equip the boots equip like high level brutes and you just like kill everything not like that anymore but still pretty good fair enough reaper shell fair enough yeah that's not a good plan i i don't think the i think the build works fine it's just there's some obviously like sanctifying is going to be quite difficult early on but i don't think you i don't think you need to sanctify
[00:32:52] Like the amulet, you already know that you don't need the amulet, right? All the other stuff is cheap, right? It's just getting that last. It's like going from that 80% to the 100% is like the really expensive part. Once you got packs packed, I think you'll blast through at least first couple tiers of maps. Okay, so new. Okay, this is like minimum. We go for increased area tax. Maybe we don't go for that actually. This is the amount. We don't want to.
[00:33:39] Oh, wait, wait, wait, wait. Maybe go something like this, actually. Yeah, that's the thing. That's actually a good... Now that you mention it, that's one of the reasons why I don't play the Pathfinder at the start of the league, because I know once I play Pathfinder, I don't want to play anything else, because nothing else feels as good. I mean, that applies to the Corrupting Fire build as well, honestly. But luckily, that's why I play Pathfinder after. And also why when I played the Shaman, the Buildner build,
[00:34:52] I just wasn't satisfied no matter what I was doing. What else is this? This is level 45. Damn. What can we get? I mean, maybe we don't go for this. We're going here anyway. Okay, we're going there anyway. This is level 49. Jesus. There's nothing I can put on set 2, is there? I guess I can put this on set 2. Nah, but you kind of want this. You need that extra life regen.
[00:36:04] what's everyone asking death of micro transactions if you're playing yeah firefighting yeah i'm both corrupting fight and far finder on like that same tier i do think far finder kind of scales higher though many because it just has more scaling options right if you use i guess you can go here you don't kind of want the tax feed though not that that'll work this is really good for which hammer little 49 character which
[00:37:31] Not really Act 3. It's like end of Act 3. You can like remove this. I don't know. You need this. You need this. Otherwise, you just can't sustain War Cries that early. I was testing it. It's just terrible. Also, make... Before you... Well, if you're not already in the queue, make sure to change your settings to DirectX 12 if your PC can handle that. Now that I fixed that. It actually changes a lot for my streaming as well because now I can stream capture the game a lot easier.
[00:39:01] wonder about how many gear you can get at this level the synergy though if you want to look at what i'm actually planning to do right like just this node here is pretty cool it allows me to basically apply maximum critical weakness with just by spamming war cries and of course this one which gives me damage when i buy war cries and it just buffs up my totems to an insane degree because normally well i guess now the totems can use your weapon it's easier to skill crit but this way it's even easier to skill crit
[00:39:44] I wonder if these nodes actually work. I'm not really sure how that works. I assume once my totems crit, it cancels them critting, so it won't get that anymore. Or if it snapshots from me. That's what I'm saying.
