[00:39:55] shots for me i'll be using ancestral brawn now instead of endurance charges to get totems problem is the defenses the defense is not bad warbringer is a pretty tanky class but i don't know if it's enough i have this wheel and that's it i think that's literally it i have block right i have block i don't think that's enough i think i need to make sure our armor if i can get armor on jewels maybe that's fine
[00:40:42] I like, why does it say reduced armor break taken? Why can't this just be immune to armor break? Like genuinely. There's no, there's nothing that removes evade. Well, I guess it's technically. It's stuff that reduces evasion, not removes it entirely. You have this, wait. Give this node here, sanguine tolerance, immune to corrupted blood. This might be a really good anoint in this league. If you can do temple of chaos. I do want to go this node. This node is pretty cool.
[00:41:47] you know that note we can do that but he's also on powered attacks huh this is 16 though oh my god oh my god oh my wait is that true yo reaper you listening just get on julia i have armor but guys guys guys guys guys this is gonna exist how do i say oh my god that's insane
[00:43:04] That's so insane. That's gonna make the build like 1 billion times cheaper. It has to be socketed in a weapon. Which isn't really a problem. Is that a problem? I don't think it's a problem. Yeah, so we're just needing double spirit, right? Which we kind of do need, don't we? How would we get 15? You can get it on boots, I think. Right? Maybe? Oh no, that's not a socket, is it? You don't really want spirit on your amulet. Yeah, that would be...
[00:44:28] hmm what would you drop there's nothing you can't really drop anything that's so interesting though oh my god that actually makes the build like one times just significantly cheaper significantly cheaper okay how do i'm gonna add this to comment new soul core in weapon five plus one two war cries so reaper shell the in the dof microtransactions i saw
[00:45:21] we can look in the chat where i posted but there's gonna be new soul cores right they're adding new soul cores and one of the soul cores is plus one warcry skill gems that's nuts for us like that's oh my it just it just solves a lot of problems right you still do need like it means you don't need a sanctified i don't know what's easier the gloves or a sanctified weapon but
[00:45:58] basically solves a lot right just just one less level you need to get to squeeze out right well that's a nice that's a nice buff real nice for us is the bear boots still good yes bear build is still good plebuski i also made some changes uh this recently uh to buff it up so if you want to play a titan version you have crit now and both versions also have
[00:48:28] a mental weakness instead of doing that weird for instead of using forge hammer forge hammer was also clunky and it was doing literally nothing because fissures don't stack apparently so yeah so reaper europe you're big i i mean i don't know how expensive that thing's gonna be but that's gonna be that expensive right more expensive than squeezing out a plus one somewhere else isn't such a cry thing bugged uh the only thing that's bugged uh with balrog is that um
[00:49:08] Well, there's a couple things, but nothing that breaks the build or anything. This one here, so in patch 3.5, you need to socket a separate Ancestral Cry and put that in a bar, because then you can see how much it charges up. But it still works, right? You can also just spam Ferocious Roar when you have like six endurance charges. Usually, you have enough glory by then. It basically just, it's harder to tell when you can use Ancestral Cry. That's what changed.
[00:49:44] And there's also this thing where this one... That's not the bug. Actually, which one? This one where you have... If you walk into abyssal depths, it randomly deactivates successful cries sometimes. Yeah. But nothing that breaks the build, I would say. True, yeah. Reaper shell, true. Yeah, I wonder how I'm going to figure out the spirit. Great question. I mean, 100%, it's mandatory to have the plus one. It's not mandatory, but you definitely want the plus one, right? What would you drop? I guess you... I don't know what you'd drop.
[00:50:31] Gloves, maybe? It means you can have, like, actual good gloves. Not really, actually. It means on this version, you don't need the helmet, right? Wait, is this one even... I can't remember. Wait, does this one have... Oh, yeah, yeah. Because I have the... Here, right? The physical mastery. Yeah, so you don't need the little... I think... Yeah, you... Yeah, it means you don't need the Copic Orb. Or you don't need the Sanctify. So either one of those. Either you go for Copic Orb, or you don't go for Sanctify.
[00:51:19] is probably the cheapest. Or, I guess, technically Prism of Belief as well. To be fair, Prism of Belief will not exist early league, right? So, hard to say how that much that matters. It wasn't cheap anyway either, right? Might be even more expensive now. Yeah, I should probably get a filter going, right? Well, keep in mind, like, 40 is the max, Reaper. You can't go over 40. Like, on my character, I have 40. Well, I took out the support gem for plus one phase.
[00:52:25] Because I have 41 of my character. So I added an AoE. Which is nice. It means you get an extra support gem, right? AoEs. That's pretty cool. How does this website work now? What the? Oh, cancel. How does this work? Campaign. Warrior. Here we go. Here we go. I want scepters as well. Yeah. That's probably enough, honestly. Oh, thank you so much for the sub, Reaper. Appreciate it. Did I get some emotes? I mean, I don't know, man. Did you notice, Reaper, that I still had subs?
[00:54:34] Well, I guess you can't notice that but I still had subs. I still had eight subs When I started stream, I don't understand how that's even possible. Someone's like forgotten to unsub. But I appreciate it. You gifted a sub before you subbed to me. Unless you already subbed? No. Alright, so now we got a filter. Nothing too special. We're kind of ready to go now, honestly. I'm just gonna wing it like I usually do. I'm just gonna wing it.
[00:56:13] i'm not like other people where i make like a whole new video guide for leak start this in 0.55 i feel like my other videos are fine but losing this kind of sucks like this is three percent hp this would be an interesting build to min max if i can even get to that point on hardcore if i die i'll probably just go softcore and keep playing right but ideally i can keep it going hardcore this is the interesting thing is that special bond
[00:57:19] allows me to do this. Because the build didn't really work, and I don't want to transform into bear to generate endurance charges. Like, you can, but it's just slow and annoying. Well, actually, I don't know how slow it is, but it is annoying, because it makes you stand still, and standing still just isn't good. And you can't have a shield. It's so spread on points. I actually don't want that. I think I'm going to go with this. That one, global. I don't want any crit chance.
[00:58:32] You could just go that true, but I feel like 10% crit chance is just all damage. Dang it, this is 2%. Huh. You want crit chance. You want this. I feel like I'm going for these points when this is just better in every way. Same time. Increase mana cost and skills? No thanks. Increase mana cost is just too much. We're going to go done magic, though. We're going to go done magic.
[00:59:18] I just can't. There's too many points to go for this stuff down here. I wonder if you just drop the Corrupting Cry build. I wonder if you just drop Glacial.
