[00:59:55] Corrupting Cryo build. I wonder if you just drop Glacial initially. Just don't use Arctic Armor. I mean, it's a lot of armor, though, you get from this. But it's one of those things where do you need it? I don't know. Armor isn't that great on this build anyway. The rest you can drop. Like, Magnum Barrier is too important. Cast and Dodge and Herald of Blood. To be fair, you could drop Herald of Blood. I don't know how much it's doing, but it just looks cool, right? But you don't have to use Herald of Blood either. Let me get some water.
[01:02:07] what's my full-time job i'm a software engineer reaper programmer probably mainly front end bug fixing maybe that explains something i don't know uh you can't uh od it unfortunately no you can't uh you can't that it just won't work corrupting cry one is a level three no tier three support jam so that won't work until at minimum act three right
[01:03:02] and even then at that point you want to use fortify and cry right so it won't work until act three but spamming you can't spam on gemling right and you kind of need echo and cry to get three and sustain the cry without it like falling off or it's just taking way too long to kill stuff you want echo and cry and echo and cry is a tier five support which i think it comes in like end of act four act fourish
[01:03:38] Well, fortifying cry technically does damage if you use shield skills. Seismic cry also does damage, but it's not significant enough to kill anything. It's just not viable in the campaign. So unfortunately, you can't war cry. You can play gemling and swap when you get to like... Reaper, the guy in chat, he's planning to do just your normal gemling leveling build. I'm not sure what leveling build he's going to do, but I'm guessing like grenades or something, right?
[01:04:09] uh until you get to honestly until you get to packs pack which is you know 65 plus right might even be longer than that because you because packs pack it depends on i mean i i'm guessing we're not all speedrunners right so it probably will exist by the time you're there if you go to sleep right this is pretty common it's still like a unique drop from a unique map i'm guessing if you can find that map yourself it's like 50 chance of dropping or something like that
[01:04:47] yeah you're gonna have to play something else grenades some people doing like a whirling twisting uh willing twist whirling twisters is that what it's called missing welding running twisters if you want to play war cries like i'm gonna playing war cries as a league starter on a war bringer though which is just a different build it's like more of a totem build based for single target i've heard that yeah there's other ways od there's like uh who has this see here
[01:05:29] is it anime princess is that who it is no no it wasn't anime princess who was it and if i don't know is it this one no it's twister generally wasn't anime princess what it's like some girl can't remember her name anime princess i'm pretty sure it's a guy wait i didn't think of what it was but yeah it was something that i was basically use freezing shards freezing bolts no freezing
[01:07:10] the shotgun that's like frost shotgun into the non-frost shotgun it like pretty does clear his campaign decently permafrost yes permafrost builds fragmentation rounds yep yes lazy exile yes lazy exile 100% you're right yep that's the one no it's not her damn it's not her okay wait no no no wait no no yes in her
[01:08:28] Yeah in her totem build she has a leveling guide. Okay, this is a totem build though. The gemling? Yeah, she I mean she does do the fragmentation round stuff. She goes into totems afterwards. That's what I was thinking of though. Oh, Ponyhoof. I mean all respect to Ponyhoof honestly, turn it around. His Peewee stuff, his Peewee 4 stuff has honestly not been that bad.
[01:09:18] It's just, you know, he has a bad taste in my mouth after the viewbotting allegations. Or... It wasn't really allegations. It was more than proven. Half AI thumbnails, too. Oof. I guess that's part of the course. Oh, I can't really tell from his videos which one he's talking about. Yeah, his guides aren't bad. Guides are... Oh, yeah. Oh, true. Supporting fire could be actually really solid. You're right. Honestly, supporting fire might be it. Oh, Pox did this. Interesting.
[01:11:08] this is three months ago though so this is three months he's gonna have mage blood i don't know if this is league start oh i've never seen anyone use that helmet creative acuity huh valid bro i guess kind of is oh i see interesting okay that's kind of cool that is a massive sorcerer award holy shit like hardcore build uh looking at coding is there any alternative to the uniques you recommend
[01:12:15] the uniques the uniques are dirt cheap altars aren't they if we look at this version all of these should be really cheap shouldn't they pretty sure all these uniques are cheap or maybe not the belt or are you talking about act one maybe are you talking about this stuff oh i mean i assume people realize they don't need like three sockets on cross march right okay so it's act one yeah so you don't need the tabula
[01:12:48] you can play without tabula i mean personally i do recommend doing it but you can you don't need a tabula is the rest expensive when you're saying you're broke alter arcs do you mean are you have you played you have a character in league alt arcs because this build's not playable unless you have some currency because you need okay yeah i have wait what was that an answer to
[01:13:20] but what i mean is you you ideally want at least you know the frontal cry can be a five link i think at a minimum frontal cry needs to be a five link it doesn't need it doesn't need magnifier air but he's a minimum five link and you need echoing cry and corrupting cry both of those are tier five and tier three supports which you can't get like on a fresh character but if you can get that that's pretty much all you need like it's just it's just this with these four supports that's technically all you need but i highly recommend
[01:13:52] Some of these items the helmet and the shield I think the helmet and shield are like really good the rest is whatever like or the rest is not mandatory, but the helmet and the shield I would recommend and The the four supports here and the four I think right? Yeah, cropping rings is not a starter a starter. It doesn't have the it's a bit confusing, but there is a
[01:14:21] there's a starter tag here which i've not added right i've not do not have that starter tag hey awesome anther yeah the bear build is very solidly starter it's really cheap you know you don't need much to get it to work i also made some updates to the build actually recently as well so it should be a bit better than before in the end game more in that area though but yeah the the the corrupting cry build is not a starter unfortunately because all of this stuff you need tier four or
[01:15:05] uh tier five sports at minimum tier five sports you can't get uh level one right wait you're gonna try this alt arcs you're gonna try this build for the the new league yeah so at 100 yeah you need to so i don't you can't you can't use any of this stuff act or act one to four none of this stuff you want to do you kind of want to start when you can get stuff from well
[01:15:43] Yeah, you kind of want to start when you can get stuff from the endgame Except that you don't need the boots and you don't need the belt, but everything else you kind of want, right? And I personally would not start Because by the time you get to endgame right then you can't need more more damage Which means you want packs pack without packs packed. It's probably doable, but it will just be miserable, right? I think you kind of want to wait until you can get a packs packed
[01:16:18] And I don't know when you're going to get that. You know the Pana MTX works with Bear Build? It does Unique Mastered Up. I do know... I'm pretty sure that MTX overrides the weapon. Yes. I'm pretty sure MTX overrides the weapon. Because I remember I tried out the Crocodile. And the Crocodile overrode the Balrog skin. So it should work, yeah. Sadly... Wait. Nether Shock, do you know that? Oh wait, does it not work? Sadly, no.
[01:17:04] Wait, it doesn't actually work. Oh, I thought it worked. You bought? Oh, Rift. Shit, I didn't think the Unique didn't replace, huh? Because I remember I had the Crocodile, and the Crocodile overrode it. Didn't it? Maybe I'm thinking incorrectly here. Yeah, there's a lot of bugs around the MTX of that. I know that much. Yeah, exactly, Altarx, yeah. Unfortunately, you know, this is a very good campaign build if it's not your first character, right?
[01:17:55] Unfortunately cannot be played as your first character. It's maybe a good thing Well, we'll see once the next league comes around, right? That's probably gonna get nerfed into the ground who knows if any of the other seasons and my new and my builds are Precedent then my shit usually gets completely deleted Even though it's not like meta But you know the fact that you can't start it means that not everyone's playing it, right? If you can start this as a league starter then
[01:18:24] I don't think anyone would play anything else. I mean, the thing about Gambling, right? Nothing about Gambling makes this build, right? So you can play this on, like, you don't have to play, well, other than the plus two to Strength gems. I think now it's pretty important. But it's not mandatory. Especially with, like, now that we got plus one, the new plus one here, the Soul Core. That's going to help a bit.
[01:18:54] But I don't think they would nerf that. I think they're going to nerf the ult qualities. And we're not abusing an ult quality, right? We are using the one that gives us dodge distance, right? But we can live without dodge distance. Decide to Bower again and then swap Corrupting. I guess that works. But then you have to make another character. But I guess if you're okay with that, then... I agree with her. Yeah, it's a bit ridiculous.
[01:19:37] it was like it just the problem with gemling is that it makes so many skills just way better like so much better than no matter how like what the sentence you are the skill is just so powerful that gemling just rocks and plus two is just like just plus two levels of any skill gem is just really good too so it kind of counteracts any damage loss you would have gained
