[01:19:55] skill gem is just really good too so it kind of counteracts any damage loss you would have gained or like lost from another ascendancy defensively though you know generally is pretty weak i say that and then you have you know the old quality of uh magma barrier giving you like 10 max block which is absurd arctic armor gives you like a 200 armor or some dumb shit pretty mean true yeah but i don't think we don't have crit immune on our character right
[01:20:33] You don't take gem studded. Take adaptive. In an ideal world, you would take gem studded, but I think it's just too much pain to gear around that it's not worth it. Just take adaptive capability and you can forget about having to worry about the cast on dodge stat requirements. Oh, you did? Reaper? I see, I see. Must have been pretty min-maxing the build, then.
[01:21:08] that's one thing i want on this build on the build i want to play is warner's courage brown is carnage it gives you i didn't i couldn't find the mod on pob but i see here modifies here we go this one here like these two like this node here recover five percent of max life when you use warcry it's actually really powerful for this build is that with the node gives you seven percent every time you warcry
[01:22:03] Which, like, you just spam that and you're full HP. Instantly. It does mean that, though, like, the Warcry or the Corrupting Cry aspect of this build will definitely take a sideline. Hopefully it's enough to, like, kill white mobs and blue mobs, but it will definitely not be enough to killing bosses. Fair enough, River, fair enough. Sorry. Making a good build. There's plenty of other good builds, though. I'm sure, like, if you play a build with, like, a lot higher damage, you know, like, totems or something, I guess it just doesn't feel like...
[01:22:44] the gameplay does make a big part of it right make sure you're not doing the most damage maybe not that fast but you're really tanky and just super smooth that's what people want and decently fast if i think it's actually really fast i guess damage eventually does make you go slower right yeah but if you're a reaper a lot of builds can play well content challenges
[01:23:19] I guess all content is one of the things where people have different interpretations of what that means. Like, does that mean you have to do juiced expeditions, or does that just mean you can kill all bosses, right? Personally, I think it just means kill all bosses. I guess challenges, too. I think that, yeah. I wonder how expensive these are. Level 70. Too bad. Oh, yeah, that sounds like it has to get damage, yeah. Most common builds just vaporize.
[01:24:11] 14 exalts was actually 13. It was just 14 exalts. That's so cheap. Almost time, almost time. Oh, I can't stream that long today, though. I don't know. We'll see when I go to bed, but it will have to be like maximum three hours, I think. Maybe even less. Funnily enough, if you had to give me a dollar for every time I had to do a race on League Start the next day, like a running race.
[01:25:08] i'd have two dollars but the fact that it happened twice in one year it's uh funny because tomorrow i'm doing a race seven kilometer run with the obstacle course elements apparently i'm betting i'll be broken after that but we'll see how it goes yeah it's 10 p.m for me too yep oh work on saturday oh that's rough life indeed i mean it's an event league you know i think it's fine to just take it easy
[01:26:24] There's no point like rushing it dude my brothers three minutes I'm playing hardcore, which I'm definitely not prepared for It's kind of yoloing it Should be fun before I die like first boss three hours to hit maps that is Very ambitious. I think realistically it's six to five hours if you speeding like an average player an average like tuned in player
[01:27:45] it's probably gonna take me even longer if i don't wanna rush and die i mean i i would consider myself a campaign enjoy as well but part of enjoying the campaign is going fast though i think like once the campaign takes like 10 hours your best was 12 hours down was it like the shorter the campaign takes the more fun it is i think but the more you can like tolerate it maybe i still like the campaign though yeah play through how many times i think i played it through the campaign four or five times last league
[01:28:26] To be fair, I played a lot last week. And I also had, you know, I also played the Twink, Croft and Cry through two of those, I believe. True, true, Reaper, true. That's also why I like playing the build, that I'm, like, something close to the build, at least. Even from, like, level one or whatever. Even when I could play, like, a Twink or build or a leveling build, right? Because I want to feel that progression.
[01:29:14] My character, like, getting stronger, like, finally getting to equip his stuff. It feels a bit better than going, like, a twink setup into, like, equipping all the items for another character. Oh, you think Nevershock? Concussed Titan. You gotta keep in mind that Concussed Titan has... Can't... Like, getting the support gem will be pretty difficult. Or at least early on. Then again, it's not like last league was pretty difficult to get to. Until, like, endgame. Even though it's common.
[01:29:57] True, it's yeah, I mean that's it's just the popular build, you know minimal buttons auto gameplay We're moving. I think where is he moving it? No. Oh, here it is. Okay, 66 Then get in get in. This is the third option hardcore Yeah, I mean it's a name yes
[01:31:02] it's gonna be shouted hard hardcore i'm hardcore i'm hardcore get that mindset get the hardcore mindset i think i've yet to play hardcore to the end game that's in there so then i go oh you can't respawn a checkpoint on a on a hardcore character i forgot about that i guess i'll just use the shield bash i think personally i'm not as fast as dual wielding but no just i'd be very careful about sprinting too
[01:32:22] I can't just, like, I can pause, but I have to log out. It's not necessary to save you. Not currently, Toki. No. I have an old guide, which has very similar leveling setup. Like, the leveling setup is basically the same. The Warbringer guide there. But the actual, what I'm planning to do, like, endgame or, like, campaign is not on there.
[01:33:39] All right, Toki. Yeah, I mean, you know, it's just, yeah, exactly. Follow what I do on stream and stuff. I'm pretty sure I'll be streaming all of it, right? It's one of those things where I don't like recommending something that I haven't tried. Pretty counterproductive to what most streamers do, but content creators, I guess. Damn, he died in position one ladder. Rip. He died too. Some people are dying. I need a better weapon than this. I want to find the two of these.
[01:35:57] Two britches? Shit, I'm out of flasks. That's not good. Where was the checkpoint? Holy shit, there's mobs here? Oh my goodness. That's new. Holy shit! Get a better weapon. Thank you so much for the prime, Feargood. Appreciate that. Wait, I'm doing the right- Don't tell me I have to do the boss again. That would suck. Oh my goodness!
[01:37:47] Okay, I did not expect how hard this was gonna be. Oh my god, I did the boss again. You're joking. Oh, she has less HP, it seems. Holy shit, you can get some good sh- Oh, that's good. Yeah, yeah, yeah. Yeah, we're getting those. Oh, you can get- Oh, no. I need to be very careful doing that around the mobs, huh? Great Helm, Stalker Cove. Still in the zone. I do think it's worth doing the Mud Barrow, because you want to do this boss thing.
[01:39:47] You want to do this boss so you can get uniques. Some early level uniques would be really nice. You got the ring as well.
