[03:19:56] Find me. What? She's still doing the move? Why? After she's stunned? That's bullshit. Oh my god. Not again. I need a new single-pressing on target setup. Not this again. Double two support gem. Here we go. What do we want here? Approaching ground? There's something we can get on the totems. Virgin totems would be so nice, actually. I'm forgetting. Oh, we dug around one. Yeah, I think that's what I need, actually.
[03:23:28] Yeah, no move speed. All right, Reaver Shell, how far did you get? Will you leave? Eat Act 1 as well? Like, maybe. Otherwise, yeah, GG's. Thanks for hanging out. Well done. Nice. All right. That's decent. I mean, I think we can probably just get... Before we get those vendor recipe things. Vendor...
[03:25:51] Who's going to start the stun now? Double totem now? This weapon, I don't... Right, the parsmids do make a trail. Well, at least I'm tanky. I've been thinking so long to kill this guy. Wait, what? I didn't even get to finish. Give a buck. What? Just ignore the stun? I literally... I mean, other than the fact that I'm really tanky and not that much struggling.
[03:34:03] Feels like 0.1 again. I thought this was going to give me uniques. It gives you max life, which is not bad. It would not Mad Wolf. It would be pretty terrible, actually. You can't level with Corrupting Wings as a complete new character. It just doesn't work. Unless you have a friend to give you some stuff, like what you need in Axe-X, I wouldn't recommend it at all.
[03:36:05] What you can do instead is you can level mercenary with any other build, grenades, suppressing fire, tactician, any of those. And then swap to corrupting wings afterwards. Honestly, I would not swap before you can get packs packed. So 65 plus. But the build's looking pretty good though. We got a buff. This league, this 0.5, we actually got a buff because it's a new...
[03:36:55] Rune you can add into weapons that gives you plus one to level of war cries that like alleviates a lot of the just we had Fair enough Madbull fair enough Di Diablo immortal no way that's how that means Seriously, yeah, I mean shit. Yes It's a viewers I guess I got a tier 7
[03:38:37] Oh, is that so medieval? Okay. That's cool, I guess. I know Diablo Immortal is like, well, at least Blizzard's highest performing Diablo game, right? And apparently, what was it, like the schedule for BlizzCon had Diablo Immortal as like 80% of the Diablo section. Goes to show that like, just priority. Oh, I see. Yeah, I can imagine. I mean, reacting to this stuff is always fun, right? I would assume. I mean, I don't know.
[03:39:50] What kind of content updates comes up or the other mortal because let's be honest I would not You catch me dead looking at any of that kind of stuff
