[03:39:55] You catch me dead looking at any of that kind of stuff, but... Unless it's a joke, right? Like, funny to watch. I'm sure there's, like, heavy content, right? If you're a creator, you do definitely want new content for that game. Wait, is BlizzCon tomorrow? I actually haven't paid attention at all. The only thing I just learned about BlizzCon from the classic... Wow. I've read it. It's just really suffering. We're gonna do... We're gonna change this up a bit. Next Saturday. Alright.
[03:41:21] Yeah, okay, that makes more sense precipitate precipitating in a optical course race tomorrow seven kilometers with like swimming rock climbing higher jumping Won't be able to play too long. Holy shit armor broken playing hardcore by the way More careful. Why does armor break a thing man? Where's energy shield break? Where's evasion break?
[03:42:13] Technically evasion break exists, but there's no energy shield break. It's chaos damage. The most is like half effectiveness. Armor break is 100%. How am I underleveled? I feel like I've killed everything in this island, man. My damage is so bad. And no worries, Mad Wolf. Thanks for chiming in. I'm running out of life flasks. He's phased. And now to kill him again. At least we can get some life flasks back.
[03:45:13] Jesus. I don't understand why everyone's dying in AC. Holy shit. Shit. Oh my god. I have no idea how I made that. Alright. Oh my god. Now we got Bella. Oh, I'm stuck. Stand in the middle here. Tank, tank. Oh, Bella's dead at least. That's good. You can't block that. You can block that. Jesus.
[03:48:37] Think about doing about it. What's the most fun, but I place it for do you think the Titan version is better than the Smith one? Um I'm gonna say No, I'm not sure. The Tynan is tankier than the Smith one. Sure. It's an item Wow corpse way. Look at that. Ooh Surefoot sigil is actually insane a good item though each as well All attacks count as empowered. Our skills do not have inherent bonuses. Oh
[03:49:36] Right. Yeah, if you feel like it like that's the thing like it's not like the tankiness changed much if anything you're probably tankier now, right? But it's not like it's too bad, you know both use similar gear. Okay, they don't really He's kind of similar gear, but I would just play the Smith and if you keep enjoying the Smith and just keep enjoying the Smith But the Smith did get nerfed right from how it was In a sense because they're now what I don't know how much it not got nerfed, but it triggers less spells now
[03:50:10] And that's why I made the Titan version. But I still think Smith is very powerful. I don't know. Let's Screen Clutter, I guess. What level am I now? This seems so good, though. Yeah, I think I'm not gonna... I'll be right. Shit, I need to go to bed soon. Okay, what do I... I need level 22. Oh, Earthshatter. Nah, we're gonna go... I think we start with... We kinda need that for the single target. Okay, that... Good.
[03:52:10] all right but it's not terrible oh hybrid oh boy okay yeah that's good big damage increase holy that's better that's better than my two-handed it's genuinely better than my two-handed right now honestly we'll just do that yeah oh i will show them how a true warrior fights oh that's not where i wanted to go
[03:53:49] It's like the bone pits. Let me get some water. In the dark. Okay, it's this one. Get rid of this now. It's doing pretty good damage now. Ooh, not too much support. I kind of want Urgent Totem. Coaching ground better. Let's go coaching ground. And our damage is starting to pound. That could be good.
[03:57:33] and it's really changed the instant corrupting cry this patch uh the corrupting wings uh build so specifically this build not typically it's just i want uh it's just a league starter version i guess and but it focuses more on totems right there's some cool totem stuff uh that is good with it this is the ancestral bond right anything
[03:58:00] But for corrupting wings, in 0.55, I assume he meant 0.5, but in 0.55, there's actually a new support, a new rune that goes in your weapon that gives you plus one war cries, which is insane buff to the build, basically. Insane buff. Getting plus one levels that easily is such a big buff. Still, the gemling version is not a big starter, though. I mean, you can technically start it, but...
[03:58:40] So you're not really gonna war cry until you're level 65 or until you have packs packed which could be used later on the availability. Shit I need a one shot. I need a lightning res. Let's get this guy. Let's tell him lightning res at least.
