[00:00:02] six man we'll take them i sell here expensive those aoe some accuracy but we gained chaos reds which i think is definitely worth it where are we going i want to get both of these excellent eight when is eight max friends jesus i need more armor if i want to use how much i'd like to take i think i had a network spike there still mosses here what if it's like an accuracy issue
[00:04:19] okay i think we're straight on top with like shotguns t1 max life double res yo crap damn okay that's i think that damn that's worth a lot bit of upgrade nice look at that big time and two charms there's actually one for oh it's not that good though five sixty boom boom straight up just pick up the upgrades easy clap
[00:06:22] captain lightning res now what's new 60 life five percent one percent is 25 five percent gives me a lot more so good is life one a lot cheaper now i'll fill that in as soon as i can
[00:07:42] Being LA weak is nice. So much lightning res. Where are all those lightning res from? You can always convert lightning res. Oh, yeah, blazing. Oh, it double converts. That's kind of annoying. Blazing do it on this one. Ah, no. I can convert it to fire, actually. Convert this to fire, and then I can put another life in there. Ooh, losing 18 is not...
[00:10:08] i can it will survive these are my boost nice what can we have on here into poison is fine into slows also nice into bleeding i don't think like bleeding can actually do anything because of um you don't take more damage when you move anymore it's nice freeze would be nice but i actually have immunity to free it's not immunity but i think this makes it so that things that would normally freeze you don't
[00:11:43] like that show yeah tomorrow morning i probably need to update the guide a good time into doing that i wonder if you get accuracy on a ring probably should get action i don't know how much of an impact it's having it's really hard to tell with accuracy on my support i just don't know if it's the range is based on my position or the opponent's position 287 nice i didn't activate the hf beacon what the hell does that mean i don't know how much this is worth
[00:17:28] i'll do what i can to sell it for you yes choose what you need make use of this this ring is pretty terrible this ring doesn't even need that much and these gloves are so terrible okay we can we want the amsis ring resistance resistance we don't care about lightning right life damn what a loved one with accuracy it says an open suffix though that's kind of crazy
[00:19:02] And fizz damage to attacks. Two divs. 20 chaos. How much is that? There's more than two divines. Current economy. This is just kind of too good. Oh, it has a bad prefix. Fuck.
