[00:40:29] Well, I'm in the campaign, so this damage is not that great. The damage is good, of course, but I mean, it's a campaign, so it looks crazy, but it's just because I went back to do the challenges for the league, because you have to kill, you have to do all the boss rituals in the campaign for one of the challenges. Yeah, but this is not a campaign character. I'm up to tier 15 maps.
[00:40:59] Oh my god, I have to do this entire zone again. Oh, no. You'll be fine, Capone. It's actually... Now that you mention it, I think you actually... It's fine to not take that one. Well, I don't know if I recommend it in the guide at any point, but one of the options was to go for Shadow Dancing.
[00:41:33] Which means that you actually want to get stunned because you'll get higher energy shield recharge. But I don't think I actually ended up taking that at all. I can't remember. I don't think I actually took it. But you're fine. I believe there's actually a way to redo the it though. I'm pretty sure you can just do the zone again. And you can pick a new one. I'm not 100% sure though. I think you can. You have to look it up. If anything, I would take the elemental one now actually.
[00:42:08] i mean they're all good but honestly the metal one would actually be better maybe did i take yeah well it's hard to say it's all fine it's not a big deal the one you can't take again is the one in act four be given the shark fin to on this island uh on this island or in in base if you complete the gun far enough i don't know if it says here but uh
[00:43:29] I wonder if, like, I'm confusing people right now. People are like, wow, holy shit, this build's crazy. Like, it's good, but, like, I'm way overleveled in gear for this zone. And the rest of the boss. Yeah, totems are, yeah, they're used for additional damage for sure. They're there for the kill rares and bosses, right?
[00:44:58] You can kill white monsters and blue monsters with just the war cry, but I do use I'm currently using scepters so that I could have more totems in theory if you wanted you could just not use the scepters and then have a mace and you'll get way better work right damage, but It's like bosses what I'm kind of afraid of and stuff. I'd rather have the totems in hardcore But if you really wanted to go all-in on the war cries You could just you know not play this build you play gem link. Oh, this is gonna be annoying
[00:46:13] Okay, 20 more to go now. We have to do all of them, right? We have to go to the interlude now. Let's see here. He's got plus three, plus two, plus four gloves. Okay, I guess. Let's see if that's in the guide, right? How it's built so far? I don't know how to play. It's pretty good. It's slow. I'm in hardcore, right? So I'm making conscious decisions, you know, take it easy.
[00:49:43] tank up over speed all that kind of stuff but i mean i haven't died right i haven't died this was complete in a sense a completely new build that i did for this league specifically and i'm in tier 15 maps so i'm doing like white tier 15 maps is that or like no not white but blue but i can show you of course well okay i'm gonna go to interludes now but like close enough right i mean this build
[00:51:35] Yeah, it's definitely more of a hardcore like SSF build Like you can it just uses rares, you know, nothing special Easy to gear very cheap He started our friendly I'm gonna play SSF title play for the first time in CCS don't like it based take But like it goes to show like even now I'm playing AC trade, right? Which does mean I have
[00:53:46] So I'm trading but it's like like soft SSF right like half my gears my own Crafted and stuff refresh SSF start. I mean this builds definitely up there. Yeah, it's a couple buttons. So it's like a two button build Give or take those two levels should help a lot
[00:55:58] With that. Yeah, it does. Yes, you can have both more price active at any time. Yeah, and it's kind of cool. You can basically have two more price active, right? But I think I'm done with this zone, right? Next one on Holton Holton. Oh These like
[00:59:05] Pretty sure everyone misses this boss. Don't want to kill them like once ever.
