[01:01:09] I just don't want to go in here. You want to find this other thing. So I guess you just keep going. Don't want that? These two guys. Looks like he's a boob, but it's actually these guys. This is a good source of runes. I have no MTX on. The only thing I have is this thing. I have more weapons. How much is there? Oh, there's a couple now. Skin transfer.
[01:04:07] What is this? Jhin weapon skin. Spear, death. That's pretty sick. Sting stars. I wonder if it could be useful at some point. How would you do damage and build spells? Let's see here. What are these called? Oh, I have it. War of Rallying. Targeting? No. Rallying. Radiance? Rippling. Quaking.
[01:08:01] snares this one this so okay there we go not even that bad but it's next what's next it's so scary when i'm like taking damage but just from passing it for a fortifying cry back's back before the build how important do you place on deflection above below es below yes for sure 100 below yes
[01:13:28] deflection is one of those things where you get the very end i would say great key but i managed to get like 50 deflection which is i think i got 50 deflection at the end it's one of those things where it's just yeah it's not reliable enough to be worth considering really yes is always it's pretty much impossible to get well it's not possible if you can obviously it's a suffix right deflection is a suffix not a uh
[01:14:09] with a uh prefix so you need some pretty good gear though or higher high-stated items in the e-swap i had to drop some deflection mods they were way too expensive yeah i can imagine freaky are you in hc stuck there okay okay all right all right all right and then yeah don't worry about deflection then even honestly i don't even hardcore i don't think you'd actually go perfection as priority the other way it's too unreliable
[01:16:13] You can't even avoid getting hit in the first place. All right, min-max the monkey can get one shot. Good here. I don't think this is good, is it? This is worth something? All right, last two to go. Any challenges completed? There's a boss here. Okay, it's this way then. I should actually get better jewels now that I think about it. Need some armor jewels? We go a long way. And the monkey. I'm pretty sure I'm outside of one-shot range. That's good. This level, what level is this?
[01:19:32] in the news.
