[02:20:06] That thing is so scary like oh you can't recover to half-life which means just you're always at half-life Anytime you're in the circle. Where's that bernie shield, huh? Anyway, why is that a modifier? Hey, aluminum are not worth the farms. It's hard for me to farm aluminum now with Deadeye Aisha because my clones kill them before I can drag.
[02:20:35] i have i have heard a lot of complaints uh recently that people don't think it's worth it because they just seem to kill them before they drag it's weird because you're not supposed to be able to kill them at all and if you can kill them it means they didn't spawn their cloud which is fine because that also means they're out of the side of the cloud from my understanding but they've also changed a lot this patch with how things drop and i it's hard to say
[02:21:05] Because people are complaining that you're getting lineage, right? I went on with lineage or whatever it's called. But that's actually just the common drop now. It's not like an if or. Before it was like, if you saw that drop, that meant you lost one of the good ones. But now it just means you just drop one, right? It doesn't actually mean that you lost anything.
[02:21:29] You should need to drag them. They automatically come out. As long as you're not inside the cloud, they should always try and go outside of the cloud. I don't know if they've somehow destroyed brick that though since. It's up to you. If you don't feel like it's worth it, then you can of course fire something else. You know, it's one of those farms that, yeah, it's a bit luck dependent to some extent. Like sometimes you feel like you have a dry spell, so it doesn't feel like it's worth it.
[02:22:06] it's gonna be weird like i i i'm not even dragging anything out and i already got one light and an ancient rib just from going into the this zone right the one like underground thing they insta die in the cloud that shouldn't be possible but it sounds like it's bugged them it sounds like maybe this they bug something this patch maybe in that case uh then you yeah you'd have to do something else it usually also means that
[02:22:42] I mean, you just not attack them. I don't know. It's so weird. They should not be dying, though. It also means that it is probably more expensive, though. I bet lights and stuff are more expensive than they usually are if it's harder to get because of that. Yeah, that means nothing. Honestly, that sounds pretty regular. Let's see how many lineage I have. Why not? To be fair, I'm not even using any of the Abyss stuff yet. And I have...
[02:23:31] Not that many, apparently. I ran leech. I have five. For someone who's barely done abyss, I've done barely any abyss. They just drop. You get tons of leech or whatever they're called. They just drop all the time. Maybe just next time pay attention because they don't always have that modifier on them. I don't know how many abysses you've done, though. Honestly, that does not sound that crazy to me. I was in one of those abyssal depths.
[02:24:06] And I dropped five Legias or something. Four Legias in there. That's the one thing. I know that Legias drop anyway now. 100%, they just drop, right? As like a normal drop from the monsters. I don't notice that much. Oh, shit. They got 5 million HP, though. It was a super powerful boss. It's right. Use a resist essence. What's it going to do with this one? Just...
[02:28:02] That awesome. That's fun. It is a bit annoying. I agree But I think it's cuz I think it's not so much they changed as most of they just fixed it Where mobs can just drop it normally Instead I have to do the pullout strat pretty much or if they have a modifier or something
[02:30:39] i really want to see that boss like i don't think he can do his one-shot move when he's like outside of his arena but why does he do that terrifying grip capone you sure i feel like they added that at some point i can't remember how though yeah you're probably right they maybe they never did they're not as powerful as they used to be at least before it gave like chaos res which was insane back then i can't see a i'm good this is death animation
[02:33:48] He's even worth picking up what much choose what you need as expected Next gamble. Yes, I want that choose what you need. Why? Of course That one is of the essence. It's not bad. It's a shock Someone is bound to buy that what I need to do this. Oh shit cow. Thanks for the raids
[02:36:03] It's not common that you raid me. I'm usually the one to end stream first. Well, you are US. Time to schedule. How did the Delirium grind go? Get your mirror yet? Or was it Mageblood you were going for? 10 at a time. Fair enough, yeah. Oh, yeah? I didn't think Delirium was that profitable, but I guess it is compared to, like, doing the box strategy or something. I guess it's not a raw currency thing.
[02:36:50] Reach mainly. Ah, okay. Let's see. Yeah. Makes sense. Find out something else. I mean, I think requires a bit of investment, like, going to different parts of the map. Just to find cities. Because, like, I know a lot of people don't like doing that. I don't think it's worth it. Like, I haven't found a single city yet, but that's because I'm playing hardcore, and I've played, like, two hours every day. I haven't even gotten that far yet.
[02:37:46] grand project hopping oh wow okay so it must be pretty profitable if you can afford to do that i would know i mean i'm playing like ssf light over here i say that and i just it's a money selling uh a bit of light uh youtube but sorry hope it tastes good i guess thanks for the rate appreciate it as the other people here yeah i'm playing hardcore my one of my og builds i don't know if you've ever played the corrupting cry war bringer back in 0.1
[02:38:43] This is kind of the new re-indition. I've done a several versions. After Incessant Warrior Totem has gotten changed like so many times now. 8-4's got nerfed. Now we're using Spirit. It's working quite well. It's slow. I mean, I won't deny it. It's kind of slow. But for hardcore character with like a couple divine budget, I haven't died. So I'm happy. Grounding Charm. I wonder if I should use that actually instead of Chaos Resist Charm. Actually, that's probably not a bad idea.
[02:39:29] It's when you get poisoned. Poison's kind of good.
