[02:40:17] The other thing about spirit using scepters is that you can actually have a shield and a mace at the same time, kind of. Summon with a scepter mace, and then I can swap to a scepter shield. Best of both worlds. This is the last monster. It would be nice to be able to kill blue mobs with one wave of corrupting. I kind of can. It's a bit long. One of these. Lowest here.
[02:43:09] does not worry you're gonna do you're gonna buy 50 uniques ritual for the challenge rewards so as well it feels like when i have my totems right on top of the boss just shotguns like crazy oh finally we got this mode here go for i guess critical damage critical damage probably better right more stun buildup sure what's better here get damage we can go here as well but and i think
[02:44:42] More points for 40 crits. 45. Ooh, nice. I don't know how strong Poison is, but I think with some Chaos Rez, he should be fine. I'm quite scared about Shock. I don't realize how, like, just strong stat-wise these are. I guess the fact that he can't Mobilize is pretty bad, though. It would work great on my Compose build, but it also wouldn't. I want to use it. Are you even using Leaf Slab? No.
[02:47:01] Wow, I hit and run is super cool. What? Is there... Does that not go branch? I just have to go branch because I don't want less skill speed. Wow, that's so fast. Holy shit. I don't have to move that far. I wonder, could you use that on 40% more skill speed? That's so nice. Makes me think that I should get this node here. Pylon. Get double effect with thunder. This node is here as well.
[02:49:30] I wonder if this needs to be global. I'd assume so. I wouldn't assume. I don't know what to say. Gloves souls. Here we go. Breaches now. Just consider doing rare maps. Not the helmet first. Maybe they're giving me a thing. Is it because I do a little one? Oh, it is. Why an 81 map? Because where am I supposed to be going? We need to get Brutus Brain. My minions just die instantly. I thought that they would...
[02:56:30] more levels for my totems but they oh that's what i can use extra sports on the aoe even though it's so weird that it recommends aoe but aoe does not work it's blind the stuff is there oh wait i have our break on these guys it's just oh yeah sure i accept armor break on these guys if it even works i don't know so even if they do one damage it means that they'll keep the armor broken
[02:58:14] Damn, that's actually insane. Parry shields. If it didn't... I don't know. I'm sure someone will want that. Oh, shit. Global phase. Warcrack cooldown recovery raids. What skills to focus on President of Belief? Melee? I'm guessing you're talking about...
