[02:59:55] skills to focus on Prism and Belief, melee. I'm guessing you're talking about build. I'm guessing you're talking about Gemling Corrupting Wings. If it's Gemling Corrupting Wings, then you want Fortifying Cry. Fortifying Cry is the skill you're using. Or like, Axe Pack is socketed in Fortifying Cry, which means it mimics the levels of Fortifying Cry. I believe I recommend it in the guide. I assume so. If I say which one you want.
[03:00:38] Wonder how expensive. Oh, actually, do you think that one exists here? It's so crazy. Hardcore economy is just something else. I mean, Uncut skill jump. Can that give me level 19? I don't want to do this to try tablets. Good Seeker's quest. Oh, I assume I have to go to the Pelgar. Hey, exhibition tablets. Yes. Everything is easier to make. Like, 15, 45, or just in front of a card variant. Ooh.
[03:04:11] i'm pretty sure fortifying is cheaper and easier to make early on for sure i think both i don't know you'd have to do the math yourself but um the thing is right fortifying cry requires just rares with melee levels while infernal cry requires uniques which like baseline you can get the uniques but getting the corrupted versions of the uniques is way harder this is what you want because you want
[03:04:43] Get that. Yeah. I would say mine's definitely cheaper. Sure. My build's more well-rounded, but his is just, you know, Giga AoE, right? Mine's faster, tankier, and more damage. But his one is just God-tier AoE. Whatever you value, right? I mean, doesn't the boss, like, die in a couple of seconds on that build? On the floor is lava? I agree. I mean, you know, every build has a downside, right?
[03:05:50] For one shots to exist. Yeah. Yeah, I know that the floor lava build is not... Don't really focus on defense in that build early on anyway. Or at all. Cheap. Usually if you know what you're looking out for on a boss, you can... And if you can't see much, you can kind of predict. I'm going to do the ritual. Pretty good. Well, I can actually see the worm coming from under the... It's hilarious. Under the bridge. Is there anything still?
[03:07:57] I have some results now. Go for better gloves. Damn. Those are good. Missing res. Where's the life? Oh my god, it's from two bond ruins. Getting that much armor might be harder, I thought. Damn, this is so expensive.
[03:10:04] Wow. Is it kind of what I want, but terrible prefix. So bad. That's crazy. Okay. 100. Damn, even like trash like this. There's something wrong here. Drops ended? Great question. I don't think... Was there any drops this leak? I don't think there was any drops for this leak. Was there? I can't recall. There was? Sword. Oh, but the sword was from...
[03:11:31] through the sword yeah the sword from this i thought the sword oh i thought the sword was from the exile race oh no maybe you're right maybe it was sword yeah actually i can see here let me check oh my you go the you're not able to get your loot claim you drop by september 18th oh no so september 18th so it should be still going i can't because i already got the drop out of i can't really see it the rest but
[03:12:18] It should pop up. I don't think I need to have drops enabled or anything on my stream. I think I'm pretty sure it just does it automatically. But of course, feel free to check out another stream just in case. Read some dirt. I know there was some drops for the races, though. I didn't get. Because they only lasted 24 hours. You had to watch, like, a QE1 stream, I think. I will probably any stream, too, though, going to bed.
[03:15:37] 2 than 1 a.m. for me as of the off-screening. It really is safe, huh? I love it. It must have been taking me a while, though. Maybe go a stricter filter.
