[00:00:06] Okay, that's a prefix. 100 armor is pretty good. I'm going to reroll. It's life. It's not that much, though. Damn, that's rough. Okay. Power counted by war crimes. Another prefix. Is that good? In a situation, sure. I'm going to go for hybrid. Technically, I want to reroll all of these every time. Come on. Come on. Give it to me, please. That's like...
[00:02:05] Or divine's wasted. I wouldn't even use it Hmm sells more armor, but it's just way less life. That's a comparable I actually knew then I was the best stratus. It's just to pretty sure Yeah spam As much as you know, he is cool. Yeah Yo Eleanor, what's up? Don't do it's only short stream that at least for now at a movie I'm going to later
[00:04:06] I also updated the guide for this build Hopefully it helps someone. I don't think anyone's actually following the build, but that's fine. Future. How much is the DPS? It's hard to say, but it's like... Oh, wow. Nice. Damn, you can get that from... It's definitely improved. Yeah, because I got a six link recently. I don't know. I guess it's like 500,000 maybe. Half a million.
[00:06:48] I'm missing a lot of the crit multiplier right now. Mainly because of passive points. It's like a combo. It's more Warcraft focused, but yes, part of it is Corrupted Blood, yeah. It's not, it's more like Corrupted Blood is only there to like kill stragglers and wipe mobs and stuff. Mainly. I don't have to summon totems for all the little things. See, I can just like do this, right? I'm gonna use totems for stronger mobs. More hardcore oriented as well, of course.
[00:08:14] looks more on like dying attacking from range having crowd control the what the what the what the oh my god my game crashed oh no uh-oh munka s we counted this bug that in bellwar my screen just jumps to nowhere and stuck there like 10 seconds uh the things i'm scared about illinois is that i'm in hardcore okay i'm still alive yeah no no no i hear you um i'm trying to think
[00:09:58] I don't know. I guess it depends. Maybe this is related with using Molten Crash. You know, the leap skill. 100% Corvettes. Yeah, it's like every map I have like one hiccup. That was my first crash though. Ever since I changed to DirectX 12. Yeah, people are saying they definitely lost FPS. Ever since like with this patch specifically. Like DirectX being fixed. And not like crashing your game every map.
[00:11:29] seemed to help a lot but then something i guess this batch backwards fps at least oh my god another diviner holy shit abyss op the best chest man another death soak i what that it's so consistent it's scary oh damn is that something wow every time i go down in abyssal depths i just make bank let's see what people are selling i want to keep killing rares here like jenny i want to full clear
[00:19:23] crashed again the hell that's twice now crashing abyssal depths okay i'm going back to balkan
