[00:20:09] I mean, I'd be honored if someone somehow hacked my computer and was using it only to crash my game randomly. You never know. You never know. Day's age. If I installed something recently. Wait, how do I even get out? How do I get out of here? I can't portal. Can I portal? How does that work? Yeah, okay, this works. Can you crit with Warcry? I cannot. Well, technically, no. With the damage over time, I can't crit.
[00:22:22] But my totems can crit. So, like, technically, the hit portion of Fortifying Cry and Seismic Cry, like the actual skill itself, like Shield Wave or the Seismic Cry has base damage, right, physical, those can crit. But no. Like, this part, which actually doing the damage, the damage over time packs, that cannot crit. But my totems can crit. So every time I Warcry with Howling Beast, I apply Critical Weakness.
[00:22:55] which means my totems can crit more easily right and i get big damage boost that way i don't see this i know it's actually insane like it's it's permanent 20 stacks of critical weakness right because i'm spamming seismic cry but the synergy is insane in my opinion like it just it means i have like 50 percent crit chance for that like basically no investment on gear only uh passive tree see if there are any takers
[00:24:22] that's good that's actually pretty good i don't know that was this thing these are our supplies max life armor strength make use of this it's different sports in the shadows ice wall and use frost ones interesting there was a guy who made a werewolf a war cry build that would i think did a couple of those things actually and he was scaling the damage of the werewolf shout i do want to check an item it's called um
[00:27:12] Too bad. Which is the one I want? The Kurgle? No, oh shit. Okay. Yeah, that's what I thought. Giga OP in Auricore. Every time, man, I pick up that shrine, it gives me a god and a mini heart attack. No, I'm not losing HP. I'm just gaining max HP, which I haven't recovered yet. All the uniques. Oh shit, how many times do I have to kill this guy? This is my spirit. I don't think that's worth it anymore. The boss is not here.
[00:34:35] I just can't build stun, right? Didn't say so. Damage on the skill, we've got to level it up. Excuse me. Damage on this. If I can get to do like any amount of damage, it would be helpful. Okay, it triples the damage, I guess. It's something. It also triples about that mana card. It goes on 42 to 85. That's not that significant. Double. If I get the helmet, I can do it.
[00:39:40] i think it's actually always good to focus one area of monsters then we'll just keep spawning stuff in there
