[00:59:56] all right your order is registered it doesn't work that much money what the hell from abyss gg that's so good so good with more armor applied to l.a now still feels pretty lackluster but right there all right so we now have so we can level up fortify now not i guess is there a point leveling up no sizing i mean there is a point in doing is getting what's new i'll post it right away
[01:02:27] What can we have in there? Get maim if we wanted to. Area. Area could go pretty hard. This shouldn't work in seismic. Why does it work in seismic? It's not attack. Spells. Why does it work with fortifying? It's not a spell. Is it? Why does it work? That would be nice, adding days. Days would go hard. There's other ways to add days. Why does that work?
[01:04:35] it's a crit chance doesn't have a crit chance there's no base crit chance but i have 10 but it means i can is i don't know if that's that good it's supposed to only work with spells i mean let's find out yeah i remember war cry is just automatically added days damn i have to remove that no reason why i can't yeah the other option is aoe sure increase the cost though there's a goal corrupting cry then i have to level it though
[01:06:53] let's see i'm regaining 10 percent of life open strongbox that's a thing is this bill ssf viable yes let's build this home the only thing that's not i don't have that's sf is the weapon uh and of course you know packs packed it's it's the build's fine without packs packed just clearing is a bit awkward without totems but you can get that right it's not that uncommon of a drop you just have to search for that map
[01:08:59] Other than that, it's SSF viable. I added the SSF tag. The main playstyle of putting down totems and Warprime to explode stuff. That's all. Half my gear, SSF. Maybe not so much anymore, but it's crafted at least. Yeah, exactly.
[01:10:18] The thing is, though, is that I use Fortifying Cry on Echoing. So I can only use... You don't have to use Echoing early, of course, if you just want to buy a Crocter Cry. The Crocter Cry stacks. If you want to use Echoing, it's really synergistic with Pax Pax. It adds five stacks instead of one stack of Crocter Blood. Which means basically one wave of your War Cry is enough to kill stuff. Like the monsters. What the hell? Oh, what happened to my monsters?
[01:11:03] But yeah, effectively. Yes. See, right. I can kill white mobs without having to summon totems. But you can also just use a Warcraft a couple times. Effectively, the same thing. Sounds pretty good. Yeah, but in SSF, you know, you can't. It's harder to get. It's target vulnerable, right? But, you know, you need to be in maps. How close am I getting now? 32. Okay. The weapon is also SSF-able. You have to do Bodrak a couple times, right?
[01:13:55] It's much easier than getting, you know, a good one-hander. That's even comparable. The Unique makes does not give us armor break. The Unique makes just damage, right? The Unique doesn't have armor break on it. It just has crit, damage, attack speed, right? It's just a really good weapon. The way I don't break... I break armor via stunning.
[01:14:38] but you can if you if you're if you're playing ssf and not hardcore then 100 you can go for the armor break stuff but honestly even then i wouldn't i think because then it's much harder to get scavenged fighting stacks because you you're the one who needs to stun not your totems and your totems will i mean break armor i mean and your totems will break armor otherwise uh if you take that ascendancy currently i have anointed on doesn't look like i can daze
[01:15:43] I'm going to try that full. Oh, that's not terrible. Yes, so the way I break armor is this thing here. Of shattering blow. Break 50% of armor on heavy stunning enemy. You do have armor break, right? So you will break armor on magic monsters and normal monsters instantly, right? But to break armor on uniques and rares, you need 20% here.
[01:16:49] 50% here, and an extra 10 or 11, I think, technically, percent on a jewel here. And that gives you 100% increased armor break, which means when you stun an enemy, you also break their armor. Which means that, and I will always stun on bosses with fortifying, because it, you stun, you auto, or seismic, I mean, because it's auto stuns, prime for stun, right? And since you're the one stunning, you get scavenous play.
[01:17:32] I do have an anointing though. But it's a very cheap anointing. It's like a dirt cheap anointing. It does require a fear. You just have to do delirium a bit and I think you'll get fear pretty easily. Corvids, I guess you could technically get that mod, true. But I personally don't think that mod is worth it. Because of the reason I gave you, right? I don't want my totems to break armor. I want to be the one to break armor. This map is just missing so many monsters. Like, where are the monsters?
[01:18:57] Something bugged here. Is it because this is the special map? The map bugged. Instant scavenge fighting stat, which means I broke the arm. I feel like there's something bugged on this map. Wasn't the abyss thing supposed to spawn?
