[01:20:01] It's the last monster left on the map. The hell? I guess it's just... I don't know. I don't know what happens now. This map completed, but... Did I not have high enough map? Okay. I thought I was supposed to kill something. Walk our damage should have gone up quite a bit, too.
[01:22:01] I think damage with war cries also applies to the explosions. I'm not sure about that, though. Okay, if I haven't crited him by now... Nah, it doesn't work. The AOE instead is way better. Yeah, AOE is way better because it means I explode more corpses. I make sure I hit more spikes. Yeah, it's pretty much the same thing, kind of. Honestly. What else are you going to get, anyway? Probably just better in a lot of ways.
[01:25:14] definitely like just pure damage oh these give increased chance to lead to the pistol depths oh all of them do oh okay yeah yeah so it also i think the sound effects have been boosted with this uh however it's called um first shatter effect skin thing i'm missing this this i'm never i feel like i maybe just go i don't know how much damage i need this would go pretty hard
[01:28:04] Getting even more armor applies to LA. I mean, you can see for yourself what Chief Bruiser. You know? Currently, I don't know how much damage I have, but I think... Okay, fair enough. Yeah, I'll do... You can follow the next couple maps. You can see. I'm doing tier 50. I'm obviously not doing super juice content or anything right now. I'm hardcore and... Yeah, I'm terrified. But I haven't had any problems.
[01:29:06] of course the weapon the thing is the weapon 100 helps a lot right it's hard to say how easy it is to get something similar just on a rare a rare is better like a rare will 100 be better than this but this item is just so good out the gate right without any investment why is the first time i've gotten delirium nations i'm guessing right now it's around like 500 000 dps so half a million it's hard to calculate
[01:30:47] oh it actually okay the strat still works that still works uh i guess i might as well do this stuff now oh it's paused indefinitely uh it would not be difficult at all i would probably recommend that which if rizzer uh if i would definitely recommend doing that on non-hardcore yeah i think the end goal is probably to use giant's blood you'd have to get i don't know yeah
[01:31:19] getting diamond strength is not too bad it's difficult but it's not unachievable right you should get strength on gear maybe you go for you know beef stuff like that right but 100 you can use a two-hander eventually i wouldn't say it's it's wrong it's definitely got more single target 100 this build scales way harder higher with gear and stuff than corrupted blood will ever do with single target
[01:32:18] But it's a slower build, right? You know? And we can never scale Corrupted Blood to the same level that Gemling can. Right? Oh my god, just do your move already. I hate this immunity bullshit. They need to remove that mob, genuinely. Give it damage reduction or something. Not pure, true immunity. See, like, I literally can't do any damage until it does this. There we go. Now we can damage it.
[01:33:02] Worst mob in the game. Guaranteed. Teaseless. Christ, there's so many rares in this map. Oh my gosh. Okay, now he's a minion. Holy shit. I'm not lighting from that guy as well. Damn. I'm just doing the quests for Abyss has been super profitable. I want to full clear the zone. Using playing Zealots plus Empowered to Raise Zombies and Warbound Minions. Oh, wow. Zombies. Interesting. Like, true zoo minion build. Matterable.
[01:34:37] you can probably just get a pax pack too as well then warchief that's probably enough molten blast there's some pretty cool molten blast stuff out there oh seriously yeah i can imagine yeah most people play meta especially ssf like ssf is like honestly worse in software when it comes to meta sometimes it's mainly because like you just kind of have to go with a build that doesn't require much and it's super strong and then maybe you can like farm a build afterwards but
[01:37:28] it's one of the reasons why i don't like ssf is just at the end of the day you kind of some extent it feels like you're forced to do very not so creative builds clearly you know there's still ones out there like this yeah i mean yeah yeah yeah for sure you're not wrong in a sense same with my build honestly it's not like not that fast maps fast enough and for hardcore it's great because i can stand in the back and that's delirium that's full delirium as well not bad
[01:39:20] Yeah, keep in mind, that was delirium damage. Oh, no. You could always just go... It's probably Uleman. Fuck it. Oh, what? Ah.
