[01:40:00] you've received oh yeah that is pretty strong you have to get to that point though did you die in the campaign two lights that's crazy all right your order is registered i actually did hear about that i did hear about zombies being like super strong now and it was a cool it was a pretty good strategy for leveling with zombies it was like give or take the best minion for campaign you don't count like suppressing fire or
[01:41:29] If I stagger my war cries like this, I don't really lose that much boost speed. Instead of just spamming the war cry. It's kind of my, like, hardcore trade. Because hardcore trade feels like it's still, like, SSF fight, right? Feels in the economy and stuff. But, you know, you kind of do have to grind a lot of the stuff yourself. Or at least, like... But you have options, right? You have some options. And I can do, like, a build that requires a unique...
[01:42:54] oh but oh i see for clearing they're not that great see that oh corvids grip one beam what's beam beam beam leveling campaign it said leveling so hit a clip it does not uh no gabriel power attacks are like when if it works if your war cry can empower an attack because i have a seismic cry right if this one goes from one to
[01:45:15] Zero or if it doesn't show up that means it had powered an attack There's other ways in power attack too, but I can sexually boosted I think counts as empowered, but I can't essentially boost Damage over time or does damage over time or Nor does packs pack the corrupting cry count as an attack. It's like I'm missing I did it all over there. I don't like instant drop all my HP now anymore when I seismic it's nice
[01:46:43] damn my hp doesn't even move i think i posted discord that website that's supposed to analyze your pv ninja see like what you're missing oh you're you're missing on damage blah blah you're missing on defense honestly it was dog it was so like i mean i guess it tells you like okay missing quest rewards missing like resistance but like those things are not really that help that's like numbers of elder as well in the orbit of ass wait
[01:47:45] You were leveling a gemling, but you did Arbiter. Damn, so you actually, damn, you fire wave phase. Jeez. I'm like, that's the thing. I have yet to do Arbiter of Ash because I'm terrified. I'm genuinely terrified of Arbiter of Ash. And so I'm just, I don't know. I just don't want to do him. My current plan is hopefully I can do enough damage to where I skip that phase.
[01:48:23] stun him so i stun him before he can like even do anything so by the time he reaches low hp he will automatically you know phase and then i just you know do the fight from there i can do the second phase fine i think i know how to do that part i should probably practice though a bit the first phase is like i know the first phase too it's just what if i misclick you know what if i does roll one too many panic this is why i like dislike maven
[01:49:04] Yeah, I mean you can get pretty far like this I have like decent stuff, but obviously missing out on these two sucks big time It's not the end of the world, right? being a most of like the Want to debuffs and stuff like that party and monster modifier stuff. I'm just a second set Yep, I need to upgrade my boots
[01:50:16] gloves like these gloves are just so terrible but apparently any decent gloves are oh wait i have eight devines maybe we can work something yeah single targets chilling yeah i'm sure i get one shot like i do there's some i will say there's some weird things where like your totems are like spawned out of bounds or something and the spikes don't seem to appear at all when they attack it's weird but uh when it comes together yeah if you can just spawn the totems right on top of the boss
[01:51:03] And the spikes appear. Boom. Deleted. Sorry, I didn't see that question. Gabriel, the reason for that is because fortifying cry. So power is different to empower. They're two different things. Empower means that effects such as seismic cry gains. Empower is one slam per 10 enemy power in range, counting up to 50 power, right?
[01:51:40] that doesn't matter for seismic cry but it does matter for 45 cry because it gives you guard for every five enemy power in range counting off the 20 power and because echoing cry halves the amount of power you get support skills count images having 50 less power it's basically you can't just be right next to a boss and get max guard you want to get up to 100 increased power gained so that when you
[01:52:05] are next to a boss with fortifying cry it gives you 20 power which means you get 1000 guard shield ish on the gem link right so that's why you get hell dived yeah that's true that's true pulling the recruits did i do any pinnacle bosses and character yet uh no well i've done i haven't played much honestly i've just i haven't really progressed that much you know i did i've done i've gotten up to bodark i have bodark available
[01:52:55] But I haven't done him yet. And I did, of course, you know, what's his name? Faceless? No, that guy. He got deleted instantly. I'm pretty sure my damage is more than fine. I'm just scared. I'm probably going to do the Abyss boss. Once I do this one, I'm probably going to do the Abyss boss. Even the Abyss boss scares the shit out of me. Yeah. Yeah, regular banner would work. But this is for the other build.
[01:53:48] i don't need like it's not that you don't want to use an entire shield just to get some more guard from for different cry it's not worth it right you do want to use you know guard on a socket get some more power this was my first time playing hardcore like this is the first i've ever gotten in hardcore so no wonder i'm scared yeah i know what you can you can do it the moment you get there's some weird totems but yeah you have to be
[01:55:28] Double 52, I think. Holy shit, what was that? Oh, there we go. Spikes can't fit, and it doesn't seem to damage. Be up to you, Warchief. You know, of course, no need to play my build. If it interests you, then have updated the guide a decent bit. It's not that up-to-date with explanations and stuff, but I think you get the gist. You understand it. Of course, you can just follow this character.
[01:57:09] Mapshots. Damn, I didn't summon Ember. Anything. Where's that last Abyssus? Oh. It's in the boss arena, apparently. Because the totems still require spirit to be summoned, Wartreeth. So, if I... So, even though...
