[01:59:55] summoned warchief so if i so even though i sound like see how i'm summoning on my spirits and then i swap i'm still only on i'm still using up all my spirit to have my totems out right you can if you want you can use a mace and then you can have a shield on both sets they snapshot but not their spirit costs they still have a spirit cost it's like having a buff active kind of right it's like having a spirit gem active
[02:00:26] So the spirit gem snapshots when I summon them, but they still cost spirit to have active. Unfortunately. I mean, it'd be kind of too OP otherwise, right? They'd just be free totems. Like, no investment totems, kind of. And you just have... Which kind of is how, like, the Farfinder works, sort of. Yeah, it does kind of suck that you don't get, like... It means you can't go all in on Fortify... Or you can't really scale Fortifying Cry as much as you would like. You can still... Luckily, it still counts as a weapon, so you can still put in plus one.
[02:01:31] four guy skills and you can get a two socket to have the nova as well let's see why they're so expensive this one's good there's no res and it has no life this one's good and it's an open suffix solid item right here but eight divines listed five days ago like jeez island chiang you think he speaks english yeah i can uh
[02:02:27] Talk him to lowering the price. Anybody I can talk to him. Doesn't look like he's online. He's in China. Is it worth it? It's kind of worth it. Like, these are... They just... Can't really get much better than this. Oh, wait. What did I do? Why did I do that? Okay. Ah, maybe it's fine. I keep forgetting that I can guarantee a modifier.
[02:04:31] I guarantee on gloves. Let's see here. Chaos. Yeah, you can get chaos res once. That's the days on hit. Wow. I did not know that was a mod. Okay, it's the days and fire chaos res. These need cold res on. Oh, you're right. Weapon or jewelry. You're right. Okay, phew. Saved.
[02:05:38] I would 100% take days though. If I got days, that would be pretty sick. That would give me a way to days. Boom. Oh, crit damage bonus is good too. All of these are good. All of these are great. Did I reroll? I don't know. I don't think so. I think I have to go chaos res. I just want days. I don't need days. I need chaos res. Oh my god, I've been going... How long have I been with uncapped lighting res? Yikes. I get better boots, but I kind of just spent all my money.
[02:07:11] I guess for now, big life boost. Nice. And armor boost. That's an awesome point. I would have liked armor applies to LA, but... Res the chaos hybrid becomes T1 chaos res. Oh, that's it. I'm not going to use it on this one. What's going on here? Oh, I didn't do the visual in the last map. Okay, preserve it. Has ghoul. And there are means of damage. Holy shit, that damage.
[02:12:40] through a good bell will go hard yes i might have to consider that i use the boots here we go what does the guy do again for the balls i guess damage is pretty good once i stun it's over yeah you're kind of right it does take a bit to have you stun why would love days if i can get days somehow it means i could you get days on like when i'm like uh you can get days on on uh
[02:14:21] what am i saying cool or just more stun chance i have like the only stun chance i have right now is this this will go pretty hard doubles he's green yeah not that bad because you can get crits and stuff and damage on a of those jewels but yeah i hit so i hit so many times just any kind of you can get attack crit on green ones pretty sure blue ones have global quit
[02:16:01] yeah it just has more hp or less hp i think it's a less hp boss so that sounds easier but let's see if we can do that plus three melee can i help i'll post it right away let's just get a jewel with days do we have one maybe we have one this one is days we need to get from delirium agent rating lightning damage elemental back speed's not bad sounds like a suffix though
[02:18:07] What? Is that really damage better? Isn't there a... Let's see here. Yeah. I can see that, Varchief. In a way. Moving totems. I technically have minions. Okay. Get life on kill. That's cool. You can get crit with a despair. Oof. 25 each. That's a suffix, too.
