[02:59:55] Oh my god, I ran back. Holy shit, I took no damage from that. I literally not... Whoa, what the fuck is that? Holy shit, she puts on D-Gen Fields. Oh my god, that's bullshit. Touch that. Ooh, Divine Orb though. Nice. I wonder if I should go for Olumon. I like Olumon because he gives me currency from the chest. But if I can get, you know, the Swirlies, the loud tech, this is always better.
[03:03:34] i remember when i first played hc back in pv1 during the ziz z t z dps league so it was like you're forced to play melee and you had to like play shit meta skills or something and i was playing shield shards my own meme shield shards built and holy i was having so much fun like everything it just felt amazing press and then i died just a stupid mistake i don't remember what i died i died to i died to delve
[03:04:11] I had to delve. I went out of the delve, like, into the little coves in the delve zone, and I panicked. Couldn't get back to the part. And smashed every button except my logout macro. Second time. And then I was like, fuck. I was like, okay, run it back. But I was so depressed after that. But I ran it back. I had some gear. I was like, okay, we're good again. I got some better gear this time, actually. Gucci.
[03:04:41] Then I get hit with Corrupted Blood, 10 stacks instantly. And I pressed the Logar Macro button. I didn't have the Logar Macro open. And died. After that, I deleted the game. I was in bed for like half the day. Rest. It's rough. Keep Persevere. Action Element. This is... I don't know about that one. Action Player Resist is just... That's fine.
[03:05:53] I think ground is annoying, but I'll get to reach in. It looks like I gotta go soon. I could take the bus. Eh, then Ian don't wanna take the bike and put it in town. That's not sketched as fuck. The bus is like nine minutes. Okay, this might be my last map then for now. I need to st- If I stagger my seismic, it feels so much better. How much armor? That's 50% DR. Okay. Should've died.
[03:09:42] Only 89 or not. No, sorry. 91 is currently 1,000 on the ladder. Maybe it's higher than that now. Damn, I love using Sunder. That's awesome. Good debuff, basically. It's the hit chance. It's so fast, too. I probably should have paid attention. Oh, it's so mad. He just dealt on the floor. Yeah. Did I forget the fill there?
[03:14:55] okay i don't think i don't know if we want to do any of this actually i might just sell those tablets anyway i gotta go now pgs i'll give it to miso i'll see you guys later i might be on later today promises
[03:16:22] Bye bye.
