[00:00:12] Test, test, test. Wait, what? Did I lose my quest items? I lost what? Did I kill those bosses again? You're joking. What is that? Lightless Passage. No Reaper. Will they work or just... Will they get back home and play PSP? What am I going for now? Okay, I got both of these. This is interesting. I think I just want this in both sets, actually. Let's get damage. Hmm. Need the duration nodes? Nope.
[00:04:21] Play my rewards. Damage is up, visibility is down. The classic. No, I'm not fully ascended. I ascended once. That's what I mean. I've won ascendancy. Just started playing now. Logging off. Pretty much similar time to you. Maybe I played like an hour extra. Oh, kill a monk. Trying third now? Holy shit, you've been gaming.
[00:06:44] Some reason I did I killed both this boss and this boss, but for some reason it didn't save it Hey, I'm so confused. Oh, they're not talk to the water goddess to forget about that part. Oh City a door have Finally tuning in you didn't tune in yesterday. What was that about? Jeez? He left me. Okay. Okay, you don't need to show any of my considering I don't stream like more than once in four months try something I see
[00:09:03] Fuck. I'm gonna dredge charge. There's the damage. Got a new job? Congratulations! Yeah, going from unemployment to job. Tough pill to swallow. Well, I guess you weren't unemployed, but from like, working from home or something. Oh, you were? Okay, it was good. I mean, yeah, I mean, it's not. The campaign is honestly more interesting with the boss stuff. But I haven't really played enough to get to the point where...
[00:11:18] There's no skill changes they added surprisingly they actually buffed the warcry build by adding a new a New rune that gives plus one level of warcry skills. So like the chaos trials. I definitely try that out, right? I try the whip stuff. I'm playing hardcore to spice it up Doesn't get too stale. The swords look sick. I'm hyped for that shit. I'm hyped for all the shit they're probably gonna show Exile con or
[00:12:18] Does this bug happen again? What is going on? Is it every time I level up or some shit? Pretty annoying. I wonder why I was doing no damage. Did it bug again? No. Did it genuinely bug again? This is ridiculous. What is causing this? Is it persistent ground? I have two now.
[00:14:33] I'm just leveling up, remove my totems. I was in a race earlier today. Obstacle course. We call it, here in Norway, we call it the Stor Hunter. Everything from like, thawing, going under obstacles, over obstacles, into containers, into the water, swimming.
[00:16:58] Well piss raining as well an entire time I'll say it was so much fun shit was actually I was never really cold. It's crazy. Just like completely ignoring massive mud pools but 70 kilometers to Sounded tough especially because it was like love going up and down It was like hiking a mountain and speed basically really forced trail. That's why I'm still only an actor
[00:17:50] I think it was bad. No, no, it was running. It's a normal race. Running race. With, like, obstacles. One of them was using a rope to climb up. Scale a cliff face. Intense. Especially because it was super wet. I don't know, it was... I'm surprised how much I enjoyed it. It was just exhilarating. Fighting against the elements. By the end, you're like a puddle.
[00:18:32] like a massive puddle where you're gonna soak your feet doesn't you don't even care anymore anything is a blessing because you like cool down your feet we also went through like old bunkers and stuff you had to have a headlight that's the one thing you had to bring was a headlamp we went through like several caves great structures you get damaged pretty good damage honestly for the face how does this guy summon the boss again how does that work oh right it's just like it's like a
[00:19:35] half giant but
