[00:20:14] that music is honestly really good my weapon is pretty nuts honestly disgusting yeah no it's basically and it's like it stacks up all the bosses and you can eventually by the end like depending on the section you're in uh like when i think when there's four bosses stacked up you get uniques in the ritual awards i think especially here so i guess we'll get the prayers yeah so they don't give you uniques every that would be pretty crazy you still get quite a bit of uniques right you get like
[00:21:01] i think every you get two choices of uniques every year this is pretty good now i do want upheaval honestly but i feel like some ground is just fusions i'm not really sure what to do by the way of course it seems to bug out oh you've got two go for armor demolisher or armor break which is better i think demolisher is pretty better can nightmare give you multiple
[00:22:12] There's an endurance charge. Sometimes I've gotten two. Resonating shield, still dead build. I mean, there's... You got the poison variant, but my... My one, yeah. We actually got a unique. That's an interesting item. A lot of damage. But resistance? Yeah, no thanks. Hardcore over here. That's a good ring. One lightning res right now. Thank you.
[00:23:16] Ooh, this is... I don't know. Pure armor helmets. I need to have a Regex, but I just can't. Hey, Corvids. I'm not... I mean... Sure. Looking at a hardcore build, I guess. What? What are you talking about? Have you been in this stream before? I sound like a... What do I sound like? I sound like a... Oh, I don't want to be offensive here.
[00:24:20] Wink. Yeah, that's my word. 2018 Dota streams? I never streamed back then. Are you talking about the Admiral Bulldog? We did? Oh, shit. Okay, well. I'm Norwegian, yeah. Don't sound like it, though. Don't sound Norwegian. My dad's Scottish. I went to international schools. I didn't really inherit either thing. Or a Norwegian accent, or a Scottish accent. I don't remember Vuki as the gamer tag.
[00:25:17] I guess you have a different gamertag when we play Dota. I 100% have a different Merc. Yeah, yeah, I definitely have a different Merc. I'm not using a head-side mic anymore. I have a blue Yeti on my desk. But also, Vicky, to be fair, it's OBS doing a lot of the heavy lifting. Oh, yes, yes. I don't remember your name, but I do remember Cube. That's over. How'd you find my stream? I guess I have a link to my Discord or whatever.
[00:26:21] There's a lot of time I was talking with a bunda the other day He was playing dota again as well. I was playing dota again to be fair enjoying a lot of invoker radiance You're a bunda. Oh Explains that Let's ignore this this skill tree Glorious, I love this game. Yep. It's yeah doesn't get much more complex than that Infinite choice, or we should have never killed those guys that fast
[00:27:47] It's the reason people are watching my stream I guess cuz They can't be bothered figuring out so I figure it out for them. Although it's more of my guide content It looks like that is not comparison. I would ever have made Yeah, yeah just it's it's not even like same Same genre same perspective I guess it's
[00:28:46] Sure, I guess technically Vardo's Gate is top-down, but it's not fixed. They're not underleveled. Yeah, that's definitely better. Missed Life Regen. Looks... I mean, if you've never played an ARPG, I guess, you know, I can see it. Shit, I need Leapslam. It's gonna be... It's gonna be my classic return to form of the Warbringer of Corrupting Cry build. But...
[00:30:20] With obviously completely different scaling and stuff. Now we're going to have crit totems. And we're going to use our war cries to stack critical weakness. As well as of course still blow up my first shatter spikes. And then now we're also going to use spirit. So we're going to have a scepter in both sets. We're going to use essential totems of course. Not these totems. But I'm not exactly sure when I can transition. Yet. It's like getting...
[00:31:16] Getting the Spirit as well as Unstressful Bond on the Bastard Tree. It's still bugged. It's still bugged. I wonder why it happens. Is it because I get it off screen before... It's so annoying. At least just logging out the character select seems to solve it. Some people are not realizing what I'm talking about. When I use the Earthquake, it's supposed to create Jagged Ground, which then spreads and is exploded by Shockwave Totem. For some reason...
[00:32:27] After a certain point, it just never creates shock ground. And I know there's a limit. You can only have two at the same time, but they don't last that long. I probably shouldn't do that while there's a bus. My damage is so good. My damage is genuinely crazy. I don't think I need more duration. Do I? Go over here. Block something? Now I should get shitty enix. Damn, if only this worked.
[00:35:39] But a hundred life on an ambulance. It's not even that good. These are terrible. Columns don't count as allies. Well, they do count as... Columns are weird. They don't get offensive buffs, which is what this gives. Let's go with these boots. I have played Dungeons & Dragons. Yes, Thorhave, yeah. I was a Dungeon Master. Well, I was a Dungeon Master. I have DM'd myself, but not like any long games, right? Kind of hard to get people to commit.
[00:36:56] It was all online for me. I did one in person. I think I do one in person I remember if I did one in person or not but then I did the rest online through One was through map maker The other one was through iron for something forge have any recommendations Grenades is super solid DK smitten. That's like definitely one of the most solid leveling right options right now
[00:37:38] If you want, you can also use, you can go tactician with suppressing fire, which is like a one button-esque build for leveling. You have to get your first sanity first. Interesting. I don't think I've ever done that. Showing her the fact that, you know, these girls are lesbian. You want to know the lore? And it's against the tribe to be that, I think. She killed herself. I guess I think I go for sturdy metal. It's just because it doesn't have that spirit. Ooh, mace.
[00:38:41] yeah no other prefixes and we could jawbone level 16 to 26 is pretty significant this is such a good weapon right let's see where we land he got hybrid accuracy uh dk smitten that's yes it's only mandatory to do that but i honestly i recommend if you're not gonna leak start it
[00:39:17] But if you're not gonna, you know, start it with, like, Twinkie or whatever, I would wait until you can get packs packed and, like, some of the items from the starter variant, right? The endgame variant, sorry, that's what I meant. Until then, like, the problem with the end, like, without packs packed, it just won't feel that smooth. And also, you really want gear with plus levels at that point as well. It's not hard to get, like, that's just dirt cheap on Auction House, but still.
