[00:40:02] i've got some trinkets over short two of these my level right now oh my god three levels under too bad it's kind of normal it's his own like always under level all right he kissed me good luck also the view you're not aware the gambling actually got buffed i said it in the guide though but there's a new rune it gives you plus one to war price hard to say how expensive it will be but pretty sure it's gonna be cheaper than any other anything else we need to do anyway so
[00:41:33] Pretty nice buff. Getting that last level was pretty tricky. That spirit, by the way, these spirits here are probably the most broken of the summons. Even though they don't give you a buff, the fact that they just auto-pin, like, they just pin. They don't have no pin buildup, nothing. They just pin enemies for a really long time. And it works on bosses, too. It's just disgusting. Go here, armor.
[00:43:22] We're still having this? Not that much I would like, but... What level am I in? Oh, phase? Nice. Before he does his little phase thing. Still does damage. See, he just pinned that one. He's not taking damage. Easy about it. It's a pretty solid helmet that can keep his head in there. He's pulling it by her hair. Looked like it. Okay. Oh, we just talked to Zoe.
[00:48:39] Why am I getting two Endurance Charges? Ooh, Forge Hammer time. Forge Hammer time! Let's get Fortifying Cry, which... We need it anyway. Yeah, let's do this thing. Oh, you do get... Wow, you actually get a... Yeah, okay, it's Act 3. You get a support immediately. Interesting. Very interesting. Okay, that means I can get... That means I can get Riptic Cry. I wanted to. I don't think I have gear for Riptic Cry.
[00:50:22] The problem with Cry is it costs so much mana. I'll do some testing and it's just without the better scaling and echoing Cry, it's just unfortunate. Cry during the strength days used to be very good for leveling, but now it's still really good for leveling. Twink setup. That's why I have all those mana uniques.
[00:51:26] Legion have honestly, I'm gonna pick that up. Am I supposed to, is it over here maybe? Gives me some amount of armor, it's not that much. This is way more armor, but it's just res. I need the res. If I have armor though. Okay. I want to keep a shield though. Strength.
[00:55:09] that's not even a bad amount of lightning damage not great do i want to go for it i need this uh the totems are starting to pop off like we're just deleting bosses now so that's good i'm still just knack three though just the introductory i want to go with corrupting cry but honestly i don't think i can plus so much mana and you like big gear it's like hard to beat that bible the trees are alive with danger
[00:56:15] i should take care this is bugged again it puts these down on the ground like this and they just it just stays there forever can't wait to swap those just fools for your totems why not to wear faster what it's dead ends oh great i'm five levels under leveled holy shit what how that killed everything i've done i was ritual giving me no xp killed like three x the bosses i'm supposed to
[00:58:50] Is it bugged again? This is ridiculous. This is genuinely... This has not happened before. I'm pretty sure of that. I wonder what it's related to. Why does every bug I play... Bug I play... Every bug I play have some sort of... Super annoying bug. It bugged again! Wait. This one over here is bugged. I can only make one now. It bugged again. I don't know. This one's... No, we're good.
