[01:19:58] I'm getting too close here. I'm not going to miss it. Oh, come on. It bugged again? It's ridiculous. I think we're just going to have to use Volcanic Fissure. Fissure doesn't do the same amount of damage. It's not scaling Volcanic. It's scaling Totems. Shit. 16 weapon is struggling right now. Dodge again? No, this is Warbringer Shout. Not Dodge Shout.
[01:23:42] totems much more for single target you use totems for sure i feel like i how did i not level from that like it's genuinely crazy that i did so much it took me ages to do that even though my damage is pretty good it's just like you know killing back-to-back bosses isn't normal gameplay i just got no xp doing the league mechanics should give you or event mechanic that would give you uh
[01:24:57] what's bugging so what's happening is that when i use earthquake it's supposed to put down jagger ground which my uh shock waves are gonna explode right it caused like two hits for some reason after a while one of the dagger ground just bugs and earthquake never explodes and so afterwards i can't put jagged ground down anymore remember it's a lot of re-log there's a limit of two so this is normal right so i need a way for these to explode but
[01:25:26] And it's supposed to always put down jagged ground as long as there's no jagged ground anywhere. Definitely re-logging, but like, I'm gonna have to re-log to play my character. So here, this bug right here. So this one's bugged now. See how it's just infinitely there? See this, like, jagged ground kind of earthquake effect? It's just permanently there. I don't even have persistent ground, so I should definitely...
[01:27:08] I can put down one now, but I can only put down one. I'll put down two. I don't even know. I'll say it. Okay. Okay, well, I don't even know anymore. I know it definitely doesn't work after a while, though. I am just overfilled with items. Luckily, we don't have to worry about that bug later on. We'll be using Ancestral Cry totems. Still. Go back. Oh, yeah, Reaper?
[01:28:19] That's glad I'm glad you're doing that glad it's working. Did you get packs packed first? Was it like cheap? 1x? Jesus. Let's see here. Gem. Magma barrier. Oh. I want clarity 2. There's level 4 though. I think with clarity 2 or vitality. Vitality 1 is good as well.
[01:30:09] this one's good oh wait this seems like something elva would know about there is a solution but it's not a solution but it will make it not as bad i think i can get quality on my i don't think i have any jump cutters though it's weird like i feel so tanky but i'm just taking it slower you know getting gear it makes such a big difference oh wait i don't have
[01:32:57] over here somewhere that is is it this close now i'm some xp while we wait for the thing to oh no i did that wrong i'll say gemling warcraft would be a good build even in hardcore but that's your first build now give me endurance charge oh i can't see anything i would be just so much damage if my earthquakes worked if my earthquakes don't work it's just so annoying good at this point
[01:35:57] When I get the charn going, it's just insane. At least I can make Jack Brown via that method. I don't know if Jack Brown even overlaps. Well, I know it overlaps, but I don't know if it overlaps with that. Ooh, I have no other chance. Whoops. I wonder if I should just do something. I'm just kind of, like, pathing over here because, I don't know, I guess I hope I can eventually get more credits to work at some point. We do monkey now. I'm going to log.
[01:37:52] Just what I need just just earthquake by itself. It's just super strong works. It was amazing Yeah, I know Reaper shell. I mean, I'm sure ghost March. I like it have been scary I'm pretty thank you. Oh So that's no go like here. Is it he just say it could be up here Oh my god, you stop doing that Okay, no more sprinting sprinting is off-limits
