[01:40:18] And it's bugged again. Okay. Jesus Christ. If I can just kill with the pink fry, I guess it wouldn't be that big of a problem. But these guys... It's not this way. Oh, here we go. Easy clap. But he's in the pool. He's in the pool. He comes out swinging right away. That's so evil. My damage is good. That's actually a thing. Amulet.
[01:43:18] yeah it's not like legion strides all these are good honestly not at this level i mean jake jackson to be fair you just don't have to right you can ignore it like only get unique mechanics you can just ignore it you don't have to do it i think it's cool because it gives you unique during the campaign like for me as a hardcore player currently in this season it's cool to be able to have like an extra challenge and reward
[01:43:59] But I hundred percent where you see we are if you don't care about the campaign then you just ignore it There's no real you don't have to do it, right? You just ignore it except for maybe I think the Sun boss for some reason No, there's not none of that Jake Jackson. No, unless he is trying to fish for like a low-level Unique there's no reason to do it. You don't want to speak I don't think even gives that much XP to be fair. I haven't really noticed that giving any XP like I'm still 35 is ridiculous. Yes
[01:44:48] and block is 10 block it's so good but speed isn't this i use this now yeah but that's level nine water ways i can't even tell it's doing that it still works that's why i like having this field end game is end goal is to have a shield only on one set it's kind of sketchy and hard yeah it goes if i can survive i can like focus a bit more on the crop and cry
[01:48:26] aspect and use three totems instead of five just go the wrong way or something i do actually want to pick up some of these scepters i don't want stoic scepter i want the that's kind of nice i need which spirit do i need 50 225 so that was actually enough wait how long would it do i don't have to travel so far to get ancestral bond we scuffed
[01:51:47] you are confident i give you that do you truly believe you can beat the azap tribe oh yeah last days give me kids i need to get better gloves those gloves are honestly terrible check them out what's this oh chaos we could go for chaos oh here's another one i i think i just want to run one-handers for now a bit too risky otherwise
[01:53:13] have a deal that's how many elks do you have thanks that's good max life resist do we need time lighting damage both of these are good you get enough all right that's a lot of armor okay that's looking good regen come on just i guess oh hybrid nice i do want a better shield but didn't find anything level do i need this 37 and this guy's tanking
