[02:00:30] shit i have to kill what's not jacked out skills oh spirits can't be like melee spirits have poison for sure i need anything now i think what's the resistance is that right that's golden fire golden lightning three is it i mean i guess yeah
[02:03:04] it's definitely that i think yeah you're right act three is the transition where you're kind of stuck with what you're using in act two but you don't have rampage like once you get rampage it ramps up again yeah before rampage is it's kind of annoying there's kind of like that though unfortunately kind of you're waiting for like rampage or something else make it pop off or walking calamity you don't get until act four i heard people say it was like it's it's fine
[02:03:39] level like it's weird like people you know some people say like oh i had a blast playing your battle rock build campaign i was like oh that's great i don't know people like you say they struggled a bit i don't know if it might just be like a point of view kind of thing if some like you know if you've gone faster in a different build you but i do agree the problem with bear is that you kind of just at least with the um stomp what's it called stomp
[02:04:08] The one that makes you raise up, right? Two legs and then you stomp down the ground. That move just kind of kills you. Because you stand still for so long. Yeah, yeah. It really does. And you can use Maul to stand up faster. That is scary. So you kind of just need to build. That's the problem. You just need to build tanky enough to where you're not dying when standing still.
[02:05:22] Which you normally just don't do in softcore. You don't really care about defense in softcore. I highly recommend getting a higher armor piece, chest piece and stuff. Do I do Chaos Temple? Hmm. I'll try and go for Warp Rise. How much gold do I have? I've been selling a lot. I also have 65 armor, which is nice. Oh wait, that was exactly...
[02:06:56] i want to check something if i go here i can do that okay that's interesting so you can log out you straight up can log out get the reset solo i assume you have reasons i don't know wait until i get this do rewards from this this one is just so insane huh it's you can buy something i'll trade you know if they're going to request through the campaign it's not uh i'm scared please skip them
[02:12:05] the only thing they give is the unique once you do the four bosses right uh and items no it's not mandatory to do it this is not like a normal league right it's just an event it's just like something special to have extra in the campaign having uniques in the campaign by no means as event this is supposed to do the sleuth game ah you're stuck
[02:15:14] full res lightning res max life oh yeah we are up we're so up do some lightning res though that's uh there oh actually you know what come on suffix in here prefix we can get like back damage but i guess fire damage attacks it's like what tier definitely exalting that results we don't have results wait what does he not keep anything stay wary reporting that
[02:17:44] Punch your mana flat. Wait, it's usually... Oh, this was mandatory. I need to stop putting down two earthquakes. Second Viper Lady gave me trouble. Triple empowered. Oh, did this shrine, like, empower? Yeah, Viper I'm a bit scared of. That's why I still have this, like, pretty shitty... I'm a sistering, because it's, like, my one way of getting chaos res. I think I'm pretty tanky, so... Probably the second Viper Lady. Oh, the one with the wisps. Oh, five. What does that mean?
