[02:20:33] oh you had to kill her three times damn hey why three times oh right because she was in the ain't picking up no mushrooms maybe this is i wonder if they ever fixed the bug that uh but you can't socket and prolong duration and aoe and stuff on minions block op man bloke op just hold block i don't know if i can kill her three times oh come on just that's out of range who did for the walker idol honestly it's hard to say do you think it's gonna get cheaper
[02:25:11] like that's cheap right two div that's cheap i guess you have to consider well to be fair i think at that point you just buy do you buy early thing is you can use that one thing from the temple to destroy the weapon but get back your idol right and then like then doesn't matter what weapon you put it in most part until you get a sanctifying item i don't think the weapon will be worth very much right this is good
[02:26:08] to 600 isn't better than what i currently have it is yeah oh no i lose lightning rest yeah you can pre-socket something though these grenades are in front of car better to level on this build this what are you talking about my build you're talking about gem lane for a tool this war bringer you can't you can't level with infernal cry it's not possible as a league starter um unfortunately so in that case grenades is faster
[02:27:03] If you could, like, if you could get the Twink setup going per tool, then 100% you'd be way faster. You're not running Infernal Cry. But Infernal Cry only works if you have the Twink stuff. And you're in maps, Reaper Shell. Like, you wouldn't catch, like, on hardcore, you wouldn't catch me dead. Let's see, I'm gonna put in Force Hammer. I know you're softcore, I know. It threw a Reaper, yeah, I know. Even then, like, you still, I don't know how far you're in, like, the defensive setup, just the base one.
[02:28:05] But considering you're not cap resistance, I guess not very far. You do need pre-ascendances, right? Come on, I need a base weapon that's, like, passable. Okay. Okay. Okay. That's something. We can't accept the YOLO, though, because we lost our jawbone. Oh, we still have our jawbone. Higher base damage? Prefix! I guess suffix.
[02:29:06] I should've just waited. Fuck, I should've just waited. Why did I go for that weapon? It's still just worse. It's just way worse. I've not gotten any divs yet, no. When you build your gemling, is there any reason you didn't go for it? I used it and I'm slapped. Jake Jackson, are you talking about this league? Oh, you're talking about... You built your gemling.
[02:30:08] Oh, are you talking about like an end game build? I know you're probably talking about your Sire Yeet's build, right? The Infernal Cry Jumbling. The one that covers the entire screen, right? But, yeah. So the reason is, I didn't want to do his build, right? First of all, I didn't want to just, you know, do what just Sire Yeet was doing. So, I wanted to make my own build. That was the first reason. Second reason is that his build was extremely unique heavy. Unique heavy and, you know, fire skills and stuff.
[02:30:43] so it meant and it also meant it meant that it was pretty like weak defensively and honestly slow right so i went for fortifying cry because it's a melee tag and you can get plus two melee skills on weapons on gear or that kind of stuff right on normal rares you don't have to get a uniques right that's the one reason and it means because i know i'm pretty sure that infernal the infernal cry version cannot reach
[02:31:10] Two things. It cannot reach level 40. I think it's literally impossible for it to reach level 40. Maybe it is list-leased, actually. It might actually be viable this league. But nonetheless, getting to level 40 is really difficult. Because you need... Yeah, you want to go 38. And that's much easier to do with... There's actually several ways to do it with melee, with Fortify and Cry. And you can't get an amulet with Anemia. Level 40 on an Infernal Cry Reaper.
[02:31:42] Unless you got it. Did you get level 40 on Infernal Cry? Like on Pax Pact. Maybe you got level 40. Did you get level 40 on Infernal Cry? Like with the corruption? Because remember, the corruption doesn't work. But yeah, I can imagine it's offensive. Specifically, right? But it's not like that different for Fortifying Cry once you get that at a high level. And also, so that was one of the reasons, right? The second one is that... So defenses, I wanted to fix. So with defenses, Fortifying Cry gives you...
[02:32:20] 1,000 guard every time the war cry at activates right which means oh I forgot I get this let's do that which means uh you'd like super tanky right it's like recovering 1,000 light every second but it's like an over shield just insanely good what's the third thing a speed right the speed it also meant I could go for a amulet that had cast on dodge and I could run cast on dodge
[02:33:06] With the boots. And it meant that I went pretty fast. And it was a super smooth build. I can just dodge through enemies eventually and stuff. Because at the end of the day, yes, the AoE is awesome. I don't even know why the AoE is fucking with me. But it doesn't matter. At some point, the AoE is just too much. I'm sure you're killing stuff off screen, but most of the content in Endgame needs damage and defense. Unlike screen-wide AoE. So I got that. Nice. Big. We are tanky now.
[02:33:49] some uh saft pinto whatever you call it flavored water i don't know i think the price different i think the price was pretty similar fortifying cry compared to the frontal cry i think positive about that though yeah i mean i got lucky because i made the build right so by the fortifying one so it meant that i could get all that before i got popular right jake i can see that should i update the warbringer build i don't know
[02:37:20] I should, but it's hard to update stuff. I'm never really too sure what's best. What do we put in Forge? Oh, Fist of War is good. Yep. I need to be very careful here not to... I wonder if those overlap. In theory, they should because these overlap, right? You can make Jagged Ground overlap.
[02:39:15] I'm wondering with, for hardcore specifically, I might make this build to have one corrupting cry with packs packed and one just normal war cry. It might not even have corrupting cry. Just to like gain my life back and stuff. Have something to spam. I need to spam war cries, that's for sure. There's no two ways about it. Oh, this guy.
