[03:19:59] Okay, one-handers. Here we go. Good. Full L.A. Res. This helmet... I do want to get rid of this. Do I want to get rid of this helmet? That's quite a bit. Yeah, the Valorant is a good lead starter, yes. You might struggle a tiny bit. If you don't upgrade your gear or get, like, tanky and stuff around, like, you need a good chest piece. Around Act 3, it struggles a tiny bit.
[03:20:52] is kind of in between two good skills i guess but once you get x4 you use rampage and the build evolves over the campaign but yeah it's a very cheap build to get this is interesting i'm also playing this build in hardcore the big difference it's much more hardcore oriented build so one of the reasons i like more resistance
[03:22:18] here we are we shouldn't be here this place you get a new weapon three levels before i can get you disgusting we can get one it's that seismic cry takes so long to get though like i guess it is good all right you can't get into support too but where does it lead old i don't know how much gold i feel you jake jackson it's one of those things where i'm not sure like pv1 right
[03:25:21] That you get, I think it's by Act 3, you have everything unlocked, right? Or is it Act 4? But Act 4 is like halfway through the game. Well, it's less than halfway through. While here, you get everything by Act 5. Basically, the end of the campaign. Pretty big difference, right? But, here's my but. For new players, typically...
[03:26:01] Having that constant unlock, like, ooh, what is this? Ooh, what is this? You know, for the entire campaign, I think makes a big difference. Go over something cool and try. And it also means that those skills can just be straight up very powerful. If you had those later skills, you wouldn't use half the skills in the game, right? At the end of the day, you just wouldn't. The sad fact of reality, like, if you could have Whirling Assault by Act 2, holy shit, that's the only monk skill you'd ever use.
[03:26:36] all right elephant hope you enjoy it keep in mind that uh you know you it doesn't turn into what it's it is on the in the video until end game right the camp the campaign section is pretty solid you just gotta make sure to you know upgrade your gear get tanky having resistances helps a lot armor i just feel the good armor it goes a long way oh yeah i can use this to blow up oh i can blow up now
[03:27:46] My war cries. Yeah, you'll be fine. I do explain quite a bit in that guide. Not like... If you're new to PoE, I don't explain as much. Some of my older stuff. But my older stuff, I just had more time to write. Could be tips.
[03:28:26] I'm sure you'll be fine. Just make sure, even though it doesn't show, I don't show all the gear that you should equip. Just make sure to follow the gear priority. You always want to upgrade your gear. Just because the guy doesn't technically have an item in there, doesn't mean you shouldn't have an item there. You definitely want items equipped. Once you follow that stat priority, you'll be fine. Pretty interesting, though, to play PoE now. Is there any reason you're deciding on playing the game now?
[03:29:17] All the little times, you know, you're this close to, you know, the free-to-play 1.0, but not yet, right? And you also have... This is just an event league. It's not like a proper league. It's an event league. Down there. I've seen hardcore people die to that. Fair enough. Yeah, I mean, I guess it's as good a reason as any, you know? Looks cool. You're having fun. That's all that matters. I guess at the end of the day, for you, things aren't... Everything is new, right? So...
[03:30:13] change that much, just in a med league. Keep in mind that, you know, if you're playing Forbidden Rites, if it says Forbidden Rites here, top left, then you're in, like, the event league. Which has, like, the boss rush thing, which is not normal. That's not normally how the game is. Okay, so you've played a bit before, right? We need to upgrade my weapon. Oh, I see. He has five, wow.
[03:32:50] I haven't played the game on controller or console. I don't think I ever will. Actually no, I did play on controller for a tiny bit. Not very long. Yeah, I can imagine. Once I add the hot-swap. Yeah, I like them.
[03:34:45] Through the in-game build, I keep forgetting that that's a feature. I never used it myself. To be fair, I also don't follow build guides, right? Heard that that helps a lot of people. Hello there. What build is better and easier to go in the maps? Of my builds or just builds in general?
[03:35:47] I think I know I don't I can recommend the other warrior, right? Warrior. Hmm. So warrior Isn't the most popular right now. Obviously. I have my own bills, right? You want to easy go into maps I recommend my Balrog bear build other warrior builds there's you got This is sustained peewee exile I or is lazy exile, I believe that's a gentleman bill
[03:36:21] let me think here right so you have okay so you have you have totem warbringer which is a warrior um grenades so like look mortar cannons basically so you have mortar cannons that like shoot out grenades that like splash and just cause like screen explosions it's very heavy on the effects though like it will blind you uh not everyone likes that you have the battle rock bear
[03:36:56] which is similar but you know you're the one doing damage you can't like walking around while just fire explodes everywhere that's the balrog bear which is actually a it's a warrior build even though you know you think the druid is like the bear you can play bear on any any class right so those are the two i guess i can recommend when it comes to warrior or like simple straight to maps kind of stuff i can show you let me it'd be this one get that out if you want
[03:37:47] Or, you know, this build is my Balrog. If you want, like, just slams, if you want to be a warrior that just uses attacks, slams, like, with a massive hammer and stuff, then you need to play something else. I don't think there's anything updated, though. That's the problem. I think most of those builds are not updated, unfortunately. You have this. This is the Mobiletics, which has guides. These are all the warrior guides that are recommended.
[03:38:57] i'm gonna be efficient from farm titan eraser build you know that build with contagion to be efficient at that point i wouldn't play warrior right but i guess you want to you want to swap eventually is that what you're saying right you want to start a warrior so you then swap to a different build in that case i you know yeah i think if you want to be efficient i do think yeah so 100 i recommend that build i linked the first one so much is the
[03:39:36] Wontar Warbringer. This one. I think that one's pretty solid. Very cheap.
