[00:01:35] did i get poisoned at least i don't have to be another resistances all right it's getting a bit too dangerous why i'm taking so much damage holy there's just this pool of chaos on the ground that's doing so much damage this looks like monkey i should probably do that first have something do i still have a map defense for my tones hey reaper welcome in
[00:09:09] Voice something stuck in there. That's good. No That's actually not bad if you want to farm tablets. I don't know don't do that Wow, we got another one already Because my MTX I don't know we're pilfering ring I guess skills The one for seismic cry is one could have a earth shatter effect like this would Okay, let's do it
[00:10:41] I wonder if that works. I have no idea if that should. Glad to hear that, Mangudra. Yeah, I know. It is fun. Sure. Simple playstyle. You know, it's just so satisfying. It definitely gets better the more you invest. But there's like... Ooh, my first red map. Ooh, that's a good helmet. Holy shit. Damn. I mean, shit. I mean, it's just better than what I have right now. Well, there's no armor on it, but I can maybe get armor.
[00:11:53] Holy shit, that's expensive. Rarity or armor. Ooh, I don't know what people rather want. Still AC, yeah. Still AC. Haven't died yet. Has some close calls. Ish. Getting slammed by monkeys, basically. Let's go armor. Rarity's cool and all, but fake. You know what isn't fake? Poor defense. Living. At the end of the day, living is more currency than rarity will ever give.
[00:12:59] Pirate armor. Oh my god. Holy shit. That thing's fucking nuts. Genuinely, like, I'm so up. Lose crit chance, which kind of sucks, but I think it's worth it for 200 life. In two, which is interesting. That means I can get strength on gear or on my passageway. How about this thing? It's not bad. It's a sinister. You go kind of crazy. There you go.
[00:14:51] Reds on both sets. Very nice. This item is actually genuinely insane. Low base type though, unfortunately. And I have to replace it eventually. I want life recovery when I war cry. Yo, Eleanor. What's up? This is a good helmet though. It doesn't? Oh wait, it has an open brief. It has an open... Oh wow, it's so expensive though. No result. Okay, we're going to get rid of Rarity.
[00:16:05] They're armor for the res But the helmets what they're the craft of max life, right? This thing is like the vine is yes, I Can't be just bound to buy that. Oh, I've got an open Here you get a helmet This device if you need reference Eleanor
[00:17:42] You shouldn't be following a build guide. Okay. I know that's mean. I'm not being that serious, but what I'd try and... If you scroll down, Eleanor, if you scroll down, you'll see a stat priority, right? That's how you want to get your items, based on that stat priority. So, of course, yes, you want to equip items. 100%, you want to equip items. But...
[00:18:08] The amount of items you can equip and are good are so varied that I don't want to recommend anything. Because once I recommend something, people will only look for that, you know? Anything is good as long as it has some of those stats on them, right? The more stats, the better, right? Just use that stat priority to find items. Because at the end of the day, you gotta know how to play the game. And I can't just help you gear all the time. There's variance in gear. You can't...
[00:18:38] There's no one item that is always better than everything else, right? Or that you're like, oh, this item is always better than this. No, it's a stat wave. And I'd rather you learn how to understand stats and value items early on than later on, right? That's why I don't have it in there. The real reason, though, is because I'm lazy. You know, I can figure it out. Alright, we got damage to current life, max phase. That's not too bad, actually.
[00:19:27] Max bridge effect is cool. At least cost of vision, that's not bad either actually. Yeah, 35. Expensive side.
[00:19:55] expensive side that's a bit more okay let's go with this hey we sick oh wow yeah the mtx definitely works holy the mts works i love it though it's so cool oh i like it's it's 100 bad for my like effects but it looks so sick it works with the corrupted blood you know the explosion it's so sick when i went past some
[00:22:24] That scares me. Every time I get so much HP, it just chunks me. I'm actually dying. Level up, which means this. Big. Stun chance. I thought that would correct me or something, but the thing that moves my health is my own fortifying cry. Ooh, Jhin Barrier. Time for tier 11s. Wow. Good to me. Excel exchange in here. Oh, wait. Excel exchange. Does Excel exchange work? Anyway, HD for bin right. Save. There we go. Pretty much.
[00:27:38] This is all we have. I will make use of this. Oh, yeah, I shouldn't sell that. For some reason, I might level up. Good one. Gin Barrier. What's connected to what here? Both of these are connected. Stuck. What was he doing? I'll play Delirium as well, because just explosions, instead of having increased life, they just have damage reduction, which means explosions aren't as strong. And they just have, you know, damage reduction. Again, lucky back-to-back.
[00:30:39] and more move speed would be created opening those mirrors and shards or whatever they're called or mobs are coming out they actually have pretty good range of totems don't want to tank that my totems are dying or something no damage and delirium since i have a passive point oh oh it's this guy hmm next i'll go this one wait our shot is already double sentient this is all we have
[00:35:25] Kill you, Reaper. Hey, you know, you can't just not play the game, right? Squeeze in as much time as possible. Progression is slow. I mean, it's not, this build isn't exactly the fastest or anything. Safe, but fastest. You can probably make it kind of fast, though. You need, like, mage blood and plus.
[00:36:19] Oh, we already get it. Okay. Yeah, I heard, Reaper. I heard. I guess you just get spread on the amulet and then just get a... Probably don't use frost armor, whatever it's called. It will not change the armor type, no.
[00:37:21] No. I want to keep the thing in armor. Oh, I did not know that. I guess we might as well. What do I need for this one? Guilt, guilt, fear. I have to put an amulet. Okay, we'll just buy a fear and then find the farm abyss. Yes. Oh, 58. 30. Not too bad. I could get away with an amulet, though. We're three divines, right? There's something to work with.
[00:39:46] No way, not a single one exists. What?
[00:40:10] how's going on oh they're expensive okay let's go two then and this one's solid and it has res and an open suffix wow this is better though i mean i have to go for this one too good definitely worth it 68 degrees fahrenheit i'm guessing i definitely celsius would kill you it's like you die temperature that sounds rough though
[00:41:46] I think. In which case, it's 6, 30 degrees. Okay, yeah, that's pretty hot. Pretty hot. If it races, the higher temperature then. Sure. This, we want a suffix. Yep. How much is a 55? Okay. Actually, 55. I think it is worth it. They worth quite a bit. Ready? Yeah, let's sell one of them. Okay.
[00:43:26] What even 50 degrees Celsius Jesus it's unheard of I mean, I live in Norway, right? So that kind of temperature does not happen 30 degrees is like a unicorn Wait Always sell at the lower price don't sell out what people are buying sell it what people are selling unless you're buying is
[00:44:50] is registered lightning and k what's the content cold damn i think lightning chaos is way too right i genuinely like i need chaos res now i need colors to the what is this this is t3 or something this is way more value south africa uh-huh well if you play video games i'm sure you're the latter let me stand anyway it's not too bad actually
[00:46:12] We're up on... Fire Res? How do I gain Fire Res from this? Oh, it has Fire Res. I need to replace one of these with Coal, then we're good. And we have more Chaos Res now, which is good. Love it? Alright. Like, good beach weather. What else? I think. There's not much else we can do, right? We just have the Essence. We don't want Essence, I think.
[00:47:25] We don't want to remove anything, right? Life. T1 max energy shield. T1 max energy shield? How much spirit did I lose? I lost a bit of spirit. I think I'm fine, though. Game plus two, and now we can also buy... 10, 4, 5.
[00:49:34] 57 got the money for that give me a couple of these i guess i'll post it right away hey hello oh that's interesting is that the one that does the other the one that breaks arm around pinning is the same recipe just different order chapter ring below i'm not gonna do that for now
[00:51:29] The urban weather sucks. Too humid. Right. That's what I imagined for it to be. I've been in Florida a couple of times. Younger, though. Still popping up. Getting some upgrades now. Pretty nice, pretty good helmet. Randomly crafted myself. Bound, honestly. D1 life with, like, T3 hybrid life. Full res. We got an amulet. It's pretty decent that I bought. I wish I got life instead of the max energy shield, but I guess campy choosers.
[00:52:09] trying to replace one of the lightning reses with cold res chaos res as well now five plus six fortifying as well totem count as a melee skill it does okay what is that unequipped pressing a button yeah it's now we've done that what do we want we want to go over to the next thing right you go this way i guess we don't really care about doing delirium right now honestly unfair to la res
[00:53:48] There's a chaos shock round. Jesus. I think it's goddamn dangerous. Sounds fine. Mages like the map. The map checker. Delirium. That's what we're going to do. Damn, I'm slow. Alright, good night, Reaper. Rest. I'm breaking armor now. Personally, I'm not the one breaking it. The damage is definitely much better now on the fortifying. Not this way.
[00:57:51] Where the hell is this place? Is this the monkey? No, it's the monkey. One of Resurgeons still hasn't procced. I wonder why. Can only one of these proc at a time? Oh my god, more Delirium. I mean, now can I not resist? Captain Z Knight is actually taking me down.
[00:59:56] yeah z knight is actually taking me down down here once did arbiter how many jewels i need four jewels with least chance to armor break chance i just had three totems up there are my times are dying or they're timing out i think they're dying check out what came in for you two t4 no way these are that expensive this open prefix i guess
[01:05:07] Crit. Oh, Greaky. Come in. Done buildup. I know, Greaky. I know. Whenever I tell people about the Farfinder, I'm like, yeah, you can restart it, I guess. Or if you want to play it, sure. But it is 100% a puzzle piece. And there's so many things that can go wrong. Like, you can figure wrong for it not to work. And you think about it. And weapon sets and all this kind of stuff.
[01:06:49] But yeah, I love it. I'm glad you're enjoying it. Instead of weapon swapping, use Maze Strike 2 and switch back using Skellen Command. It works better. Huh. That is actually not a bad idea, I guess. Yeah. It does obviously lock you in an animation, though. It's one of those things where it does guarantee that you're in the right set, right? It's kind of nice because sometimes you can double click and it confuses you. But if you're good at just pressing once, I have weapon swap on my mouse.
[01:07:33] Miles 5. Mainly because of that build, though. I know. I love it for Ritual. Yeah, it's so good for Ritual. 100%. People consider the Ignite build pretty strong, but that one just destroys your FPS, right? And you can't see shit. You still have to actively press buttons, I guess. Yeah. I definitely think getting their armor down, like, I think armor is actually a really big damage boost for me. Which is why I need to... I didn't get my scavenge plating there, though.
[01:08:55] i wonder yeah copper ones is decent but it's not as good honestly like once you get the bosses and stuff up their wings kind of i don't want that i don't know if you want that all these are kind of meh i guess we'll do that i don't know is that a bad idea well keep going i guess that sounds like too great to make bone shadow decent you need like specific stuff pretty sure
[01:10:12] And also, there's no way that would be faster than just walking, right? You get a lot of move speed on the Fortifinder build. I don't think that was faster. Just sprint and you're good. I had 200% moving speed on that build. When I was sprinting, of course, but still. I think it was 90% moving speed, otherwise. One of these days, man, Fortifinder is going to kill me. I don't have much to recover on this map. Good.
[01:12:04] I will make use of this. I think we just want to make it over here, right? And then we can get points, ritual points. I think it's a good idea. I want to go here as well. I'm not going to worry about breach, I think. This area too. Spooks me. First things first. Let's see. Can we get some points anyway? I kind of want armor break right now. I don't actually lose that much armor from doing that. We'll bet later.
[01:13:41] Onward without hesitation. Okay, so now we got 20%. We can get two. Two jewels. We need three jewels, don't we? See, we'll have to look at the jewels. See, I'm stuck. I'm too often, man. I'm using totem and then staying in set two. I should never stay in set two ever. I just like, no, I just consciously use a totem and then with dodge roll or something.
[01:16:08] I'll have to look into using a mace. Damn, she died fast. Currently, scavenge plating. I'm not impressed. I'll be honest. I'm not impressed. I'm getting like one stack every couple. Not really less than that long. I guess I could get duration on this. Oh, yeah. I can get quite a bit of duration. Now, let's just do this. I was on set two. I don't know. Mace is still real solid. If it's like a big hitbox mob, it's decimated. Anyone using this? Maybe. Results.
[01:19:03] is useless to me five ignited ground uh should be fine i go here no right here 10.
[01:19:55] 10 through that's yeah pwned again that's actually yeah you were actually starved on sockets still there fire resistance on my shield okay i take that off get the block i think i'm gonna do that now before i forget as soon as i can it was in block chance yeah there's like 10 less damage taken clearly not the way i hate this boss i feel like i'm getting like a sortation of three maps
[01:24:54] Where's Orgory, man? I think I've had Orgory once. If you dare move, I've got more hardcore run. Let's get single attack. If I get enough people like this flat. I don't think it's gonna work. I need to upgrade these. Wow, they are so bad. Not too great, but terrible. I can do this. Okay, well, pretty shit, then. You have to fight those two bosses, but I'm sure that's fine. Just, like, the spikes can't spawn. Is there something there?
[01:30:33] wait you can actually spawn only one of them at a time i did not know that get all these nodes i could go i could do one need this beast i guess right attack speed wait this means i get shocked and frozen pretty easily play safe it's fine this oh this map scares me which is gonna take a hike a good price for that i have no idea d1 added fit
[01:36:46] a lot of fire damage just use irradiated tablets boom like i can just blow them up that's kind of cool that's enough to kill raras all the corpses of everything that is around it if i can get uh plus five jewels plus and the five level tier five supports is
[01:39:55] plus five jewels plus and the five level tier five supports is enough i think you definitely you want the helmet for plus one and you want the shield for the 50 increased damage when you get that node that that's that's that's comfy enough it will it will be it'll be comfy right bosses will maybe take a bit of time but uh nothing you can't overcome right you don't need the tabula i've i've leveled all the way without tabula right
[01:40:25] Plus six is nice, but you don't need that plus six like the plus six is just a wee right at least early on it's just for a wee, but you can do without Like a five a six socket Why did you always get a map from killing a boss means like Yeah, I'm not getting much loot from not killing too much in the map, but it's fine dressing be Armored. Oh, you meant the six. Okay in that case and you're fine. Oh, you're playing hardcore, right?
[01:42:01] I mean, it's still fine in Hardcore, but I would not use Tabula in Hardcore. I would not even consider Tabula in Hardcore. If you can get a level 5 supports and a 5 socket, ideally 6 socket, right? But I think 5 socket from Frontal Cry is fine. The end of Act 2 is pretty rough without so much investment, but it's doable. It's rough.
[01:42:33] If you want, you can obviously get in a different single target setup for something, but I don't think it's neat. As long as you stay alive, you'll kill the boss, right? If you're playing hardcore, I would, you know, definitely don't just use those uniques. Other than the helmet and the shield, which I think are fine even for hardcore, you probably want to use other stuff, right? I can kill that guy with just the Warcry alone. I wonder. See, that was just with Warcry. It's just like the same.
[01:44:22] Just to show how strong the jambling really is. It's just like bossing that you need the extra damage for. I got totems for that. Ripping the Viper though? Oof. Feels bad. Definitely one of the more scary bosses. Surprisingly, I didn't feel like I had that at the time though. Out of over one shots in the Viper fight? She does have like some slams. They're pretty hard to tell what the hell's going on.
[01:46:33] Oh, I see. Just the classic guard spears. Damn. Rip. You can actually block. Like, if you have a shield, you can just block it. It's dangerous though, in case you get heavy stunned. Plus, you were in the dodge roll animation. Damn. Rip. That's why I always dodge. So, instead of dodging away from the spears, I always dodge roll into the spears. Because I know I have iframes, right, for the spears. I don't want to get into, like, a different position. Yeah, it's rough.
[01:47:10] What's the main items you get for Quote of Greenance? Builder, change it to your build in Act 4. If you change it to the build in Act 4... Act 4... Isn't there an Act 4 variant? The main items is all you need in Act 4 is just plus 2 on mace, plus 2 on amulet, plus 2 on gloves, plus 2 melee for Fortify and Cry. You want a total of plus 6.
[01:47:44] to melee skills and a helmet for plus one to all those are the main things i would say i guess a shield for increased damage for block so that unique shield is pretty good those are the main things you don't need the tabula uh you know if you can get some jewels in your passive free that's okay but not mandatory you do have to make sure that you have some cooldown reduction though because uh if you don't have enough cooldown reduction you can't stack up to 10 right
[01:48:26] Let's see here. We got clock, totem damage. That's pretty good. That thing is not terrible. What armor does that get? Let's just go for a jewel. Great armor. You just need 11, I think. Armor. Increased amount of life leeched. Armor. That's solid. Does this add or does it remove? Any removes, right? Couldn't play some speed. That's not terrible either. Life regeneration. I like that one.
[01:49:56] Warcraft speed is nice. Let's go armor. I can craft armor on it. On the prefix, can't I? But I could brick it. Ooh, damage with warcraft is nice as well. What can I put on the suffix? Let's get this one. Life regen is nice. By both of them. We can brick one. Boom. Max rage. Ooh. Okay. That's pretty nice. Damn. Just like these three. It's really...
[01:51:38] nothing good for that armor damage we're gonna armor rip i think there's a better one don't play some speeds also nice i'm not paying six ks for that forget it as cool as i think this one is i'm gonna sell it for divine like that one guy i'm sure someone will want that oh we got a tier 13 map wow i didn't even know what this is going on is that move speeds it'd be genuinely good
[01:53:32] We ain't get move speed on these. Okay. Boom. Oh, we got increased armor. Shit. Okay. Down threshold, it's not even a bad stat. It's not even a bad stat. Now, once we get one more level, which we're soon up, we should have 100% increased armor break. Chance. Increased armor break. That gives 50, 40, 11. It means we always break armor on heavy stun. It means random lag spikes on the sunlight.
[01:56:18] I think it's just the shader cache building in something, but still. I would say the FPS has been a lot better. Way better on DirectX 12. Now that that's finally working, you know, like crashing your game every little minutes. That sounds terrible. That's terrible. I'm not going to go for that. And boom.
[01:58:51] Ooh, decompose boots. Very cool. Yo, those are some pretty insane gloves. Damn. Did I even use that? How much damage is that? 19. Tier 14. Wow, I didn't know we were already progressing to tier 14s. Progressing too fast.
[01:59:59] Keep going towards the Wildwood. Also, another thing, Starlight, if you're still here, I mean, we haven't really gotten to that point where it matters, but I recommend to just not necessarily skip the Uber Endgame section, but I think you just ignore the part about using the Saffron's frame, is that what it's called? One that converts Max Block into Max Resistance. You just use Block instead.
[02:01:53] You know what? Maybe I'm wrong about that. As long as you pair carefully, maybe you're fine. Maybe it's better. You can tank hits better. I don't know. Both are good, I guess. And he's armor broken. There we go. Pretty sure that's heavily affecting my diamonds right now. It's stunning as soon as I would have thought, though. Wait. E1, T2. That's intriguing. Base.
[02:04:46] I get to update the, well, I've imported my character into the guide with the discard build. That's about it, unfortunately. Insta-stunning is so good. And, like, look at that. You just can't do anything. Stun is a defense. No single chest appeared. Ooh, a new antidote charm. I don't know how dangerous poison really is, but I feel great against it. Like, everything is so slow.
[02:09:01] Because of the madness. Mace. If he wants to walk, I just can't. The question is, does that work for, like, time of change? Increase the magnitude by 100%. The spikes just disappear. As if, like, there's definitely more than stakes at a time, isn't it? I don't even know. Get this guy's time. Mace is just stuck. I might have lifeless, though. That was spooky. For HCSSF.
[02:12:40] i will say uh wolves that i've upgraded the defense a lot uh with the new tech i put in so i put it in um just before like this patch pretty much i put in chevron satchel the belt that makes it so that your life flasks work for energy shield i did some testing and i was like wow this is good and i didn't even min max it so i think that could be like a very good pretty decent defensive setup before
[02:13:10] you get mage blood basically right so you don't need mage blood anymore like really feel tanky now of course evasion goes down to like 50 percent at that point and you'll have i don't know how much energy you can have this about the same amount of energy shield i would go for a bit less damage i would not go for the val chest piece i would go for just like a insanely high energy shield evasion chest piece maybe even just energy shield at that point
[02:13:39] just go energy shield at this point but yeah i think it's doable for sure but again it's not meant it's not i i've not tagged it as an hc build i've not tagged it as an ssf build i think there's a lot a lot of things that you just can't get an ssf that that build utilizes to an extreme you know like the from nothing that gives you resonance and that gives you these two and also the the darkness and throw no with the
[02:14:08] something dark uh that gives you the like notable passives like you're not gonna get that right with spirit it's really good i think that the single target will definitely suffer and it will be really it will be hard to min max it's probably doable but i would not do it as your first character per se i would have like something that can have a bit of gear so you can have something ready for when you swap and get that saveron satchel and that kind of stuff
[02:14:46] I think it can definitely work. Like, CI is very strong. Curses are super strong, right? As long as you play carefully, no mob will pretty much ever hit you, right? As long as you have your Blasphemy up, nothing will ever hit you. All right, Wolves, yeah. The curses are super strong. And I already updated it last season to have Temp Chains and Feeble curse set up.
[02:15:11] right instead of damage which means like anything that gets close to you is now like doing half damage if it's a white mob and like moving at a snail's pace right but it has a lot of defense it's just that the max hit is i mean 5k energy shield is nothing like you can get 4k energy shield pretty reasonably and that's you know better than my life pool right but again it's not a high max hit evasion and all that kind of stuff so yeah that that's what i gotta say about it
[02:15:53] before the saveron satchel i would never recommended it because i felt like the defense was just bad especially mainly the recovery without the mage blood but now i think it's fine with the saveron satchel stuff i do that with this is all we have pretty high for a new build because i'm kind of tired of shield well yeah shield well i don't know how khan does it man the fact that he played shield well after doing that is so much in ssf in
[02:16:40] Trade League? Softcore? The guy is special, I guess. Fair play. Ooh, Uncut Spirit Jam level 17. Shit, does nothing for me. Overwhelming Present could be good, but it's only if I ever get to that point. Ooh, we have a tier 15 now. Oh, shit. Nice one, Wolves. I wonder where I am now. I know I was, like, not even top 1,000, but I was kind of close.
[02:17:36] But that was when I went to bed. How do you check that? How do you check the leaderboard? Are you on this leaderboard? No, it's called ladder. You know one of these, right? Well, you got the Titan here. Rich Beach. Is that you? 96. 97. That's pretty intense. We soon got a guy level 100. Wow. I wonder. Is he going to go? He just hit level 99, though. Probably like a day or two before he hits 100. But do you think he's going to give us a free passive point? That'd be nice.
[02:18:41] There's so much defense when I swap. Terrifying. How is it only 33, though? Like, I have, what? 48? 27? No, that's it. Should I go for this? That's three points for, what? That means I can use two of the soul cores. It's probably worth it. Oh, right. HCSF. Fair enough. Top 45. 55. That's pretty impressive. Pretty impressive. HCSF is...
[02:19:36] Definitely like bragging rights kind of thing, but I don't know It's too special for me. What if I should go for this pile on it? It's like a bit of extra damage I guess
[02:19:55] A bit of extra damage, I guess. If anything, I should actually go for irreparable. That's what I actually should go for. Let me get some water. I'm not sure what I should be doing with charms. The fact that I can only have two is not ideal, but I don't know. I haven't really noticed. Charms are strong at the same time. You have to be frozen. I've had freeze ration, so I'm going to be easier. That's scary. Time change. Holy shit, I died there. What the fuck? That's terrifying.
[02:23:27] Genuinely terrifying 15's This doesn't really get that much harder than this. I mean it does but Like this is a pretty solid the HCSF build I think Sure, I guess my weapon like this definitely some items that are not SSF but like Everything works SSF, right? A lot of my items are SSF. Pax pack is gonna be annoying though. I don't need Pax pack though. Holy shit. Oh, he's stuck as a pin
[02:25:46] Power my pin, man. Too strong. Someone's lava? Jesus. Range build. Can I walk here? And we got another point. Let me use this on. Go damage at this point. These nodes. There's more crit to get as well. Let's go up here. This gives me what? Five times three. Attack speed. That's no joke. And it gives me some damage too.
[02:27:58] What I want to do before I went to bed is a trial of some sort. Is that a Chaos Trial? I want to try a Chaos Trial. Speaking of. Asking you shall receive. Level 80 though, but I keep looking inwards now. It really just gives me so, like, Sizemore Cry just gives me so much rage. I just wish there was something I could do with the rage. I don't think Rage Force works on totems. It does technically work on Fortify and Cry, but that's purr.
[02:31:41] I feel like I'm not exploding anything. I need to put them further back, I think. That's the problem with Earth Shatter. Should I try something other than Earth Shatter for a bit? I don't really want to. I could try something like Sunder. I think Sunder doesn't need it. It doesn't have that synergy. It does crit synergy and way slower, though. What does quality do? Brancing Fissures does work, but not single target, which I don't think I need.
[02:33:11] before that you just go for bleed right just go there's some more melee fizz obviously always play because my right is the accuracy on this wow and that's with odds good with this i wonder does that does snapshot actually just in case it does snapshot i should just have it active why does this one only have three is it because of if i have i have so much int
[02:35:29] Base. Gate. I don't know if this is working. This might actually not snapshot, does it? It does. Yeah, that can make a massive difference. I didn't think about that. Huh. Freaking. How much are these? Still two defines. Can I help? No stock. It's pretty cheap now, huh? What is that? What's a favorite? Eh? Yes.
[02:37:53] Choose what you need. Let's do this for now. That might actually help my damage a lot. That might be missing, like, a bit there. Even though this is set to only, it seems to... Wait, no, it doesn't work. It does snapshot? Huh? Who knows anymore? I should probably just have it on both. Here, I need to do the ritual. It seems decent so far. I mean, that's, like, burst damage, but...
[02:40:08] Definitely less burst damage. I need to do these now. If I stun, they just crumble. Anything else? Clearly less damage. No doubt about it. Definitely less damage. Somewhat smooth. This does 147 plus 540. It's just one explosion. It's the same damage as Thunder. But he can explode. Double fat damage. He can get like super armor break.
[02:44:56] and do all the it here that's okay no i want that this should go for like this all right it's time by a area level 30 cowardly see if there are any takers right now i guess i can best not rest on your laurels just yet random bolt up beans does not work it does work what i guess i texted
[02:51:55] that guy don't even flip the switch and go right though it does not open up soon all resistances is 100% fine this is resistances but i'm thinking there's no such thing as fizz res right about that our monsters is fine okay everything i can do that fire cold lighting chaos okay yes it doesn't apply to fizz so that's free for us wasn't as fast as i would have hoped honestly pretty tanky but not that tanky stand still
[02:57:21] Honestly, I don't even mind this one. I'm trying a lot faster now. Oh, I forget. Earth Shatter also has like double the attack speed. You just need to bug out sometimes. Too much warp rank going on. Not my last boss.
[02:59:55] It's not my last boss. Wait, he got deleted instantly. Wait, what? Maybe my damage is fine. That was great. I can still increase their resistance. Wow. It's easy. Most builds can't really do that one. Unless you're wrecked out us, in which case it's like giga free. Maybe those balls do not work. It's like they explode like prematurely or something. It's allowed. This is good, right? More rares? Yes, please. Does nothing on bosses.
[03:02:46] and it's actually the best one what the hell the escort is like literally like kind of the best one love it holy shit like we go this one and i think we're good right this is just straight into boss arena yeah easy clap no that's not what i meant to do i went to do slow crit how hard can it be you have a good life
[03:05:37] It's moving so slow he can't even get to me. Wow, that's awesome. That's good. A little shit that's good. Yeah. Whoa. That thing's fucking insane. Right? It's not bad either. T2. T2. Oh, it's hybrid life though. T1. I mean.
[03:07:44] Is that good? No. Oh, now we're talking. Ooh, miss ended. Challenge done. Jade Heritage. Interesting, ammo's weight would also double up. Problem with that is that, huh, ammo's weight would actually save a lot of points. Tank is good. 84% armor, though. 18% fizz. Tier fizz. Commit.
[03:10:03] What happens to this one? Greater. I don't have that many greater. What happens here? Okay, so it takes me to continue it. My current ones aren't too great here, I think. Yo, thanks for the raid, Nightly Sleeps. What are you up to? SC Trade, I'm guessing. It's my first time doing a Chaos Trial. It's a league. Hardcore life.
[03:12:04] boost recovery is kind of scary oh yeah nicely sleeps that's awesome glad you're liking it yeah it's pretty good have you did you have you seen the what i guess not update because i can't technically put it in the guide but the the the two new soul cords you can put in the weapon gives you plus two total to your war cry for free basically like me it's insane buff to the build from this patch all these are terrible i guess almost
[03:12:40] Yeah, I didn't link them, but at the very top of the guide, I mentioned them. I have one of them in my weapon now. This one, Tiquanti's Soul of Rippling. I'm pretty sure they're dirt cheap. This one gives plus one to Nova skills, and a Warcry is a Nova skill. And you also have one for plus one Warcries. Very good. You do lose 30 Spirit, though, in the endgame setup, but honestly, you can probably just not run Frost Armor.
[03:13:17] initially and then maybe get spirit on the amulet or something this is like the it uses the pack like my build has war cries and use packs packed and all that kind of stuff but uh more totem heavy single target and stuff it's safe for hardcore damn i should have dumped my stuff crap i can even with like just a scepter i don't even have a like plus four on my weapon or anything i just kill most things with just a war cry right
[03:14:57] Jemling has plus two and a bunch of other stuff. That makes it better, right? Dump my stuff. I have a random element. That's probably fine. I back out. Yeah, it really does. It really does. And it's even, like, on Jemling and the dodge stuff, it feels so nice. I was faster than when I did the other time. No worries, Knightly. Yeah, I mean, there's no... I like how people want to say that they depart, but...
[03:16:54] I appreciate it, but I'm just fine. Of course, get well soon. If so. Otherwise, I'll see you later as well. Was I supposed to do that? It was a terrible idea. What? Oh, am I supposed to? I'm so confused, huh? Another labor somewhere else? No, what? Oh my god, is my thing bugged? Or is there something more to this?
[03:19:28] See? There's not much I can do here. I think I'm just locked in. This won't even show anymore.
[03:19:55] It won't even show anymore. Okay. Well, I think I have to go back to town. I might have just bricked it, but I think it's fine. It's not going to have that much stuff in there. We can go again. We'll do that later. Shut up. This thing is insane. That's 20 devices without the fire damage. I want an abyss weapon. Is this considered as an armor piece, right?
[03:21:30] This is insane. It's just an absolutely god-tier item. Holy shit. I don't know if I ever said this. It's too costly. I think mine is better than this, probably. It is. Mine is genuinely... No, wait. Oh no, mine's worse. Mine's worse. Mine's like, five?
[03:23:03] the base what's the base 75 the one lower there's a t technically better than his t1 increase fire damage if you get a fire damage build unfortunately there's not many double t1 as well let me update the price that's not that many of them but they're getting cheap oh they exist
[03:25:58] For them around 50. It's not even that bad. Holy shit. Mara Rain is kind of good. I'm going to use body armor. That's pretty bad. But no life though. One divine base. Jeez. I'll get it cheaper over time. How long is it? Is it 30 minutes? Did they remove the part where I said I damaged per spike? This next limit is kind of annoying.
[03:27:54] I think it doesn't apply to branched spikes. I'm not sure. Tear. Help that guy out. Okay, well, I'm going to call it for today. Bedtime. Work tomorrow. See. We'll continue tomorrow. Bye-bye. Be sure to ask questions in Discord if you have any. I have a Discord link.
