[00:00:58] Dude, alright, we need to do this. I don't think it's too hard, actually, to unlock. Oh, do I need enough? I have warm gifts, but I don't have... Oh, it gives you a stone. Okay.
[00:02:12] oh it bugs i feel like it's supposed to like show me like a cut scene or something but it doesn't what we got here this one boom we must assault their hive fortress finally we face their depraved lords with killing them will this i understand i will remember now i don't have any precursors don't like that one okay i'm feeling wrist fatigue already playing uh tennis paddle tennis oh it's useless
[00:04:36] Ooh, Masterwork Ruin. I should have both of those on Deep Slap as well. Let's do that now before I forget. Assistant Ground. Damn, you can actually get permanent hit or run doing this. That's crazy. And the Breach. What the? Damn, where am I supposed to be going? I can't really tell where it is. Holy Ground. He's not thinking of damage. Oh, wow, he has a lot of HP. I think there's something bugged here. Like, he was HP. I think I should be doing more damage. I don't know. I feel way smoother, though.
[00:12:32] I think it's like certain maps. Maybe it was the mods. I don't know. I can make some pace here. Yo, Chris. Hello, hello. What do I need to do so that the answer support totem doesn't require endurance charge? This. So if you look at my level 50. I made the starter variant, right? Chris, I made the starter variant. And you should be able to get everything on the passage tree in the starter variant. When you reach level 52 or 54 or whatever. I think it's 52.
[00:15:44] You should be able to get everything that I have in the passive tree, which is including this, and special bond. Your totem is stumbled, no charge required for placing totems, totems reserved, 75 spirit. Pretty sure anyway that I made it so that I'll see that right away. I'm pretty sure, let's see here. Starter, I have the starter variant, right? Yeah, and I'm pretty sure you should be able to get everything at level 54 with the starter variant. I said 54, what is it?
[00:16:25] only 52 68 well you definitely should have done everything in the pathway tree then yeah that's what you want you want i'm so slow pretty sure i'm bugged right now i should not be this slow that scares me oh you did all right but yeah that's what we need i emphasize it in that current need that one thing all good all good i'm just working
[00:19:29] I know I'm not very thorough in that guide, so I understand. This way?
[00:21:25] No, it's not this way. It's like the middle maybe? Probably not there. This takes one of these procs at some point. Level 19. Can I get anything else there? I think I can upgrade the word totem. I can get a better amulet maybe. Actually, I'm pretty good at selling all that temple currency. Oh, perfect jewelers. Nice. That's not terrible. Oh, I didn't have...
[00:27:56] I didn't have XL exchange on which means I didn't have my log art macro we need that for anything but bosses 15 divine up that's not an open suffix as well honestly should I be Okay, so what do we need we need it? We fire us? We can convert to fire fine new spirit. This is explicit and our pseudo for spirit
[00:29:36] This one actually is one of them. Wow, okay, we can't even get close. Are we two Divine Orbs? For, like, dog shit? Live with plus two for now, then. I probably want to keep the defense totems. I can even really block them off. Good. 40 damage to me. 40 damage. Pretty tanky? Pretty tanky?
[00:37:04] What required damage is gonna fall now? Ash. Nah, that's fine. Bus time.
[00:40:54] This is slow for a second. Let's go inside, baby. Oh, I didn't go up here. Burn of the Dreamer. Zest killing time. Holy shit, like. Okay. Shader cash, do your thing. I'm pretty sure Zest can't do shit against me. I'm pretty sure so much his DR that I just tank every attack does. Now, will I?
[00:44:44] Tanked on purpose, probably not. If I get caught with my pants down, I put out my shield. That could be spooky. Like I say, I never really played GTA, but the GTA of RPG shit can be pretty funny. Let's lock in, let's lock in. What's going on? Totems? Okay, that's pretty bad. Alright, that's two out of three. Two out of three in hardcore. And we got nothing.
[00:48:35] They may try to rebirth. They may try to meld once more. But never will they know the light of this world. I will see to it. Hey, Chris. I was basically like, this guy is, like, definitely the easiest pinnacle for me. No! Jailiff! Then when you walk here, he's back.
[00:49:41] I can't really be bothered doing that shit. I mean, it's cool enough. Right. We got that done now. What's the aberration? What is that? Is that board art? Or is that... Oh my god, it's the runic thing. Okay. Guess we blast maps. Excuse me. Release rune... Ooh, nice. Where am I supposed to go? Oh, here.
[00:53:08] I never tried any of these skills. Oh, right. That's what I think that is. I've tried Reputation. This thing is, like, too much of a... I think Belts? Damn, I don't think I'll ever get everything done in time with World of Warcraft Beta. We got Abyss in this map. Wait, is this still a quest? This was a quest, right? Oh, I need to talk to Gwen in. Thank you. Would you do me a thing? Wonderful. I thought you might be. Inside, we'll have time for... If that's what it takes. Weee! I guess I just joined Tanki.
[00:56:39] Small hitbox. Oh no, we got the book. This one's probably better. We're here, but this is... I don't really want to do... 1, 2, 3, 4, 5. 2, 3, 4. It's actually the same map. Oh yeah, it is. I guess I'll do this first. Don't bother with this. Let's see if there's anything. I should reroll, shouldn't I?
[00:58:54] Is your boy here? Yes. Wait, what? Oh, increased experience. That's actually kind of good.
[01:00:18] That's fine. Let's just do that. Pink. Man, those are literally never worth it. Oh, should I be using tablets? Why am I so slow? That's so weird. Sometimes I walk around and I just walk like I'm about to take a shit. Man. Deep Lambs got uses. It's in a blue moon. Jump over things. Yeah, it seems like putting the totem further away somehow fixes it. Is that bad, actually? I mean, I guarantee.
[01:09:55] i'm sure someone will want that melee damage total place and speed life region i mean armor though important is armor well that's actually like significant i said more armor damn too big aoe easy clap that's one version with at least two seven all five at least five room slots damn that's a good change honestly it's so much
[01:17:55] A lot more exciting just to use logbooks to get- You don't have to use the special one. Keep going. This might be my last map for today though. You can't even target it. It's too close. Ooh, I can hear her.
[01:20:00] Honestly, I thought it was cooler when every map didn't have a boss. A little bit more special. But I agree that maps just didn't feel that good, though. They have to kill everywhere. I don't know what the solution would be. This is the solution. Every map has a boss, I mean.
[01:22:41] I like having thematic maps like this, but then I'm doing like the same boss. Back to back. I guess they just need more maps. Bosses. Boobies. That's pretty cool. I love like the world. I love the world. Overworld. Personally, I love it. I think it's better than TV1. But controversial opinion. Now, I did not get the little thing above. The mana rune. Last one, I guess.
[01:26:57] oh no we need to go to i know another story
[01:28:15] oh i think all the way over there that's not happening today that's not happening today i think i'm back to king's march again oh my god i it man i didn't know what gprp was like but god damn it's actually hilarious all right so i'm just listening to something on the side that's me for today i'll probably be on tomorrow as well for a tiny bit we'll see but after that man i don't know i probably not
[01:29:21] so a decent bit depends on how the world of warcraft thing pops off if it's good if it's bad but i'm hyped for it so i'm gonna play it am i gonna stream it no exclusive peewee streamer care about that okay we're now we can give it to let's see honestly let's get on stream yes
