[00:00:12] Test test test. Wait, what? Lose my quest items? I lost- what? Did I kill those bosses again? You're joking. What is that? I like this passage. No, Reaper. Will they have work or just... I want to get back home and play PSP Wii? What am I going for now? Okay, I got both of these. This is interesting. I think I just want this on both sets, actually. Let's get damage. Need the duration notes? No.
[00:04:21] Did play my rewards? Damage is up, visibility is down. The classic. No, I'm not fully ascended. I ascended once. That's what you mean. I have one ascendancy. Just started playing now. Logging off, pretty much similar time to you. Maybe I played like an hour extra. I'll kill him up. Trying third now? Holy shit, you've been gaming.
[00:06:44] Some reason I did I killed both this boss and this boss, but for some reason It didn't save it Hey, I'm so confused. Oh, they're not talk to the water goddess to forget about that part Oh City. Hey Thorhave Finally tuning in. You didn't tune in yesterday. What was that all about? Geez He left me JK. You don't need to show any of mine Considering I don't stream like more than once every month Try something. Let's see
[00:09:03] Fuck. I'm gonna charge. That is the damage. Got a new job? Congratulations. Yeah, going from unemployment to job. Tough pill to swallow. Well, I guess you weren't unemployed, but from, like, working from a home bar or something else. Oh, you were? Okay. It was good. I mean, yeah. I mean, it's not... The campaign is honestly more interesting with the boss stuff. But I haven't really played enough to get to the point where...
[00:11:18] There's no skill changes. They added surprisingly, they actually buffed the War Cry build by adding a new a new rune that gives plus one level of War Cry skills. So like the Chaos Trials, I definitely want to try that out, right? I might try the Whisp stuff. I'm playing hardcore to spice it up. Doesn't get too stale. Swords look sick. Swords look sick. I'm hyped for that shit. I'm hyped for all the shit they're probably gonna show. Exile Con or...
[00:12:18] This bug happen again. Oh my god. What is going on? Every time I level up or some shit? Pretty annoying. That's funny why I was doing no damage. Did it bug? No. Did it genuinely bug again? Oh, this is ridiculous. What is causing this? Is it persistent ground?
[00:14:33] I'm just leveling up, remove my totems. I was in a race early today. Obstacle force. We call it, here in Norway, we call it the Schist Jägerlöper. The shore hunter. Everything from like, sawing, going under obstacles, over obstacles, into containers, into the water, swimming.
[00:16:58] Well piss raining as well an entire time I'll say it was so much fun shit. I was never really cold. It's crazy. Just like completely ignoring massive mud pools but butts 70 kilometers to sound the top especially because it was like love going up and down It would like hiking a mountain and speed basically really a horse trail. That's why I must still only an actor
[00:17:50] I had to go to bed. No, no, it was running. It's a normal race. Running race. With, like, obstacles. One of them was using a rope to climb up. Scale a cliff face. Intense. Especially because it was super wet. I don't know. I'm surprised how much I enjoyed it. It was just exhilarating. Fighting against the elements. By the end, you're like a puddle.
[00:18:32] Like a massive puddle where you're going to soak your feet. You don't even care anymore. If anything, it's a blessing because you can cool down your feet. We also went through old bunkers and stuff. You had to have a headlamp. That's the one thing you had to bring was a headlamp. We went through several caves. Great structures. Pretty good damage. Pretty good damage, honestly. For the phase. How does this guy summon the boss again? How does that work? Oh, right. It's like a...
[00:19:35] half giant.
[00:20:14] That music is honestly really good. My weapon is pretty nuts. My weapon is honestly disgusting. Yeah, no, it's basically, and it's like, it stacks up all the bosses, and you can eventually, by the end, like, depending on the section you're in, like, I think when there's four bosses stacked up, you get uniques in the ritual wars. Especially here, so I guess we'll get the rares. Yeah, so they don't give you uniques every... That would be pretty crazy. You still get quite a bit of uniques, right? You can get, like...
[00:21:01] i think every you get two choices of uniques every year this is pretty good now i do want upheaval honestly but i feel like some ground is just two fusions i'm not really sure what to do by the way of course it seems to bug out oh we've got two go for armor demolisher or armor break which one's better i think demolisher is pretty better can magma bear give you multiple
[00:22:12] There's an endurance charge sometimes I've gone to Resonating shield still dead build. I mean this you got the poison baron, but my my I One yeah, we actually got an unique that's an interesting amulet a lot of damage But resistance yeah, no, thanks hardcore over here. That's a good bring I'm lighting res right now. Thank it
[00:23:16] Ooh, this is... Pure armor helmets. I need to have a regex, but I just can't... Hey, Corvitz. I'm not... I mean, sure. Looking at a hardcore build, I guess. What? What are you talking about? Have you been in the stream before? I sound like a... What do I sound like? I sound like a... Oh, I don't want to be offensive here.
[00:24:20] Quink. Yeah, that's the right word. 2018 Dota streams? I never streamed back then. Are you talking about the Admiral Bulldog? We did? Oh, shit. Okay, well. I am Norwegian, yeah. I don't sound like a bill. I don't sound Norwegian. My dad's Scottish. I went to international schools. I didn't really inherit either thing. Or a Norwegian accent or a Scottish accent. I don't remember Vuki as all as the gamer tag.
[00:25:17] I guess you have a different gamertag when we play Dota. I 100% have a different mech. Yeah, yeah, I definitely have a different mech. I'm not using a head side mic anymore. I have a blue yeti on my desk. But also, Vuki, to prepare, it's OBS doing a lot of the heavy lifting. Oh, yes, yes. I don't remember your name, but I do remember Cube. That's over. How'd you find my stream? I guess I have a link to my Discord or whatever.
[00:26:21] I was talking with Bunda the other day. He was playing Dota again as well. I was playing Dota again to be fair. Enjoying a lot of Invoker Radiance. You're Bunda! Oh. That explains that. Let's ignore this. This? Skill tree? Glorious. I love this game. Yep. It doesn't get much more complex than that. Infinite choice. Holy shit, I've never killed those guys that fast.
[00:27:47] There's the reason people are watching my stream I guess because They can't be bothered figuring out so I figure it out for them. Although that's more of my guide content It looks like that is not comparison. I would ever have made Yeah, yeah just it's it's not even like same same genre same perspective I guess it's
[00:28:46] Sure, I guess technically, Bartoskate is top-down, but it's not fixed. They're not underleveled. Yeah, that's definitely better. There's life regen. If you've never played an ARPG, I guess, you know, I can see it. Yeah, I need Leap Slam. It's going to be... It's going to be my classic return to form of the Warbringer Corrupting Cry build. But...
[00:30:20] With obviously completely different scaling and stuff. Now we're going to have crit totems. And we're going to use our war cries to stack critical weakness. As well as of course still blow up my earth shatter spikes. And then now we're also going to use spirit. So we're going to have a scepter in both sets. We're going to use the special totems of course. Not these totems. But I'm not exactly sure when I can transition. Yet. It's like getting...
[00:31:16] Getting the spirit as well as a stressful bond on the pasture tree. It's still bugged. It's still bugged. I wonder why it happens. Is it because I get it off screen before... So annoying. At least just logging out the character selects. In fact, it seems to have been solo. Some people are not realizing what I'm talking about. When I use the earthquake, it's supposed to create jagged ground, which then spreads and be exploded by a shockwave totem. For some reason...
[00:32:27] After a certain point, it just never creates shock ground. And I know there's a limit. You can only have two at the same time, but they don't last that long. Probably shouldn't do that well as a boss. My damage is so good. My damage is genuinely crazy. I don't think I need more duration. Do I? Go over here. Block something. Now I should get shitty enix. Damn, if only this worked.
[00:35:39] But 100 life on an ambulance. It's not even that good. These are terrible. Columns don't count as allies. Well, they do count as... Columns are weird. They don't get offensive buffs, which is what this gives. Let's go with these boots. I have played Dungeons & Dragons. Yes, Thorhave. Yeah. I was a dungeon master. Well, I was a dungeon master. I have DM'd myself, but not like any long games. Kind of hard to get people to commit.
[00:36:56] It was online for me. I did one in person. I think I do one impressed camera if I did one in person, but then I did the rest online through One was through map maker The other one was through iron for something forge have any recommendations Grenades is super solid DK smitten. That's like definitely one of the most solid leveling right options right now
[00:37:38] Uh, if you want, you can also use, you can go tactician with suppressing fire, which is like a one-button-esque build for leveling. You have to get your first sanity first. Interesting, I don't think I've ever done that. Showing her the fact that, you know, these girls are lesbian. You want to know the lore? And it's against the tribe to be that, I think. She killed herself. Makes I think I go for 30 level. It's just because she doesn't have that spirit. Ooh, mace.
[00:38:41] Yeah, no other prefixes. And we could Jawbone. Level 16 to 26 is pretty significant. This is such a good weapon, right? Let's see where we land. We got hybrid accuracy. DK Smitten, that's, yes, it's only mandatory to do that. But I honestly, I recommend, if you're not going to leak start it...
[00:39:17] But if you're not gonna, you know, start it with, like, spring gear or whatever, I would wait until you can get packs packed and, like, some of the items from the starter variant, right? The endgame variant, sorry. That's what I meant. Until then, like, the problem with the end... Without packs packed, it just won't feel that smooth. And also, you really want gear with plus levels at that point as well. It's not hard to get. Like, that's just dirt cheap on the auction house. But still.
[00:40:02] I've got some trinkets. Oh, we're shorted with these. What a level right now. Oh my god. Three levels under. It's pretty bad. It's kind of normal, honestly. It's almost always underleveled. All right, D-Kiss Meadon. Good luck. Also, if you're not aware, the gemling actually got buffed. I said it in the guide, though, but there's a new rune that gives you plus one to the war price. Hard to say how expensive it will be, but I'm pretty sure it's going to be cheaper than anything else we need to do anyway, so.
[00:41:33] Pretty nice buff. Getting that last level was pretty tricky. That spirit, by the way, these spirits here are probably the most broken of the summons. Even though they don't give you a buff, the fact that they just auto-pin, like, they just pin. They don't even, they don't have no pin buildup, nothing. They just pin enemies for a really long time. And it works on bosses, too. It's just disgusting. Oh, here, armor. Armor's gonna go long.
[00:43:22] we still have in this not that much i would like but a level of mine oh phase nice before he does his little phase thing still does damage he's just pinned now he's not taking damage easy about it's a pretty solid helmet to keep his head isn't that he's pulling it by her there look like it okay oh we just talked to someone burning sands to steaming bogs
[00:48:39] Why am I getting two endurance charges? Ooh, Forge Hammer time. Forge Hammer time. Let's get Fortify and Cry, which... We need it anyway. Yeah, let's do this thing. I'm definitely scared of... Oh, you do get... Wow, you actually get a... Yeah, okay, it's Act 3. You get a support immediately. Interesting. Very interesting. Okay, that means I can get... That means I can get Corrupted Cry. Wanted to. I don't think I have gear for Corrupted Cry.
[00:50:22] On Croft of Cry is it costs so much mana. I'll do some testing and it's just without the better scaling and echoing Cry, it's just unfortunate. Like it, Cry and Cry during the strength days used to be very good for leveling, but now it's only, well, it's still good. It's honestly, it's still really good for leveling. Twink setup. That's why I have all those mana uniques. Guide. I think no mana.
[00:51:26] Legion have honestly I'm supposed to visit over here. Maybe gives me some more armor. It's not This is way more armor, but it's just It the res Okay Yeah, I want to keep a shield though Strength
[00:55:09] that's not even a bad amount of lightning damage not great do i want to go for it i need this uh the totems are starting to pop off like we're just deleting bosses now so that's good i'm still just an act three though just the introductory i want to go with corrupting cry but honestly i don't think i can plus so much mana and you like good gear it's like hard to beat that viable the trees are alive with danger
[00:56:15] i should take care this is bugged again it it puts these down on the ground like this and they just it just stays there forever can't wait to swap those just rules where your totems went off to wear faster what it's dead ends oh great i'm five levels under leveled holy what how i killed everything i've done how is ritual giving me no xp killed like three x the bosses i'm supposed to
[00:58:50] Is it bugged again? This is ridiculous. This is genuine. This has not happened before. I'm pretty sure of that. I wonder what it's related to. Why does every bug I play... Bug I play. Build I play, have some sort of... Super annoying bug. It bugged again! Wait. This one over here is bugged. I can only make one now. It bugged again. I don't know. This one's... No, we're good. Oh.
[01:00:00] Encroaching grounds he was exp 73 XP. I get it. I got a poor XP man. Oh, switchin Manor region and it's just not very good later on And now we're gonna skip monkey Yeah, let's get you side. What do we go dope? No pussy. I had the monkey now. Oh, I think he can one saw me. Are we sure this?
[01:07:02] the churn shield it's not much obliged to the south skills here what do we go for fortify is there anything other than the camera wetlands no that's it now it's kind of under level day and shit's bugged again is it wasn't that it's like a add-on or something skills overlay
[01:11:24] the same fungus from back home is it there's another what can i get everything with it oh oh that's not good again holy shit i helped block and i took that much damage oh what we're gonna say gemming why did it change uh maybe because i just don't like playing the same build over again uh gemling isn't a least art build and i'm playing hardcore so i wanted to go back to
[01:18:49] My classic build, which is a Warbringer Warcry build. One of my OG builds on the map. And I needed, you know, it wasn't viable anymore because of all the changes, Quark and Cry and totems. So I'll redo it. I need to figure out why there's bugs, man. Maybe I just use... Yeah, exactly, Jake. There's so many. I'm getting too close.
[01:19:58] I'm getting too close here. I'm not going to miss it. Oh, come on. It bugged again? It's ridiculous. I think we're just going to have to use Volcanic Fissure. Honestly. It just doesn't do the same amount of damage. I'm not scaling Volcanic. I'm scaling totems. Shit. 16 weapon is struggling right now. I'll check again. No, this is Warbringer shout. I'll dodge shout.
[01:23:42] Totems. Much more. For single target, you use totems for sure. I feel like, how did I not level from that? Like, it's genuinely crazy that I did so much. It took me ages to do that. Even though my damage is pretty good. It's just like, you know, killing back-to-back bosses isn't normal gameplay. I just got no XP. Doing the league mechanic should give you, or event mechanic, should give you...
[01:24:57] What's bugging? So what's happening is that when I use Earthquake, it's supposed to put down Jagger Ground, which my shockwaves are going to explode, right? They like cause like two hits. For some reason, after a while, one of the Jagger Ground just bugs and Earthquake never explodes. And so afterwards, I can't put Jagger Ground down anymore. Remember, it's a lot of relog. There's a limit of two, so this is normal, right? So I need to wait for these to explode, but...
[01:25:26] I'm supposed to always put down jagged ground as long as there's no more jagged ground anywhere. Hopefully, re-logging fixes it, but I shouldn't have to re-log to play my character. So here, this is bugged right here. So this one's bugged now. See how it's just infinitely there? See this, like, jagged ground kind of earthquake effect? It's just prominently there. I don't even have persistent ground, so I should definitely dissipate.
[01:27:08] I can put down one now, but I can only put down one. I'll put that two. I don't even know. I'll say it. Okay. Okay, well, I don't even know anymore. I know it definitely doesn't work after a while, though. I am just overfilled with items. Luckily, we don't have to worry about that bug later on. We'll be using ancestral cry totems. Still. Go back. Oh, yeah, Reaper?
[01:28:19] That's glad I'm glad you're doing that. Glad it's working. Did you get packs packed first? Was it like cheap? 1x Jesus. Let's see here. Gym. Magma Barrier. Oh. I want Clarity 2. Where's level 4 though? I think with Clarity 2 or Vitality. I think one's good as well.
[01:30:09] this one's good oh wait there is a solution but it's not a solution but it will make it not as bad i think i can get quality on my i don't think i have any jump cutters though it's weird like i feel so tanky but i'm just taking it slower you know getting gear it makes such a big difference oh wait i don't have
[01:32:57] You over here somewhere. There it is. Wait, is this close now? I want some XP while we wait for the thing to... Oh, no, I did that wrong. I'll say, generally in Warcraft would be a good build, even in Hardcore, but... That was your first build. No, give me Endurance Charge. Oh, shit, I can't see anything. That would be just so much damage if my... Earthquakes worked. If my Earthquakes don't work, it's just so annoying. Good at this point.
[01:35:57] when i get the churn going it's just insane so you can make jack round via that method i don't know if jack brown even overlaps well i know it overlaps but i don't know if it overlaps with that oh i have no chance whoops i wonder if i should just do something i'm just kind of like pathing over here because i don't know i guess i hope i can eventually get more price to work at some point we do monkey now i'm gonna
[01:37:52] Just what I need Just just earthquake by itself. It's just super strong works. It feels amazing Yeah, I know Reaper shell. I mean, I'm sure growth march. I like it have been scary I'm pretty thank you Oh, so that's no one go like here. Is it he just say it could be up here. Oh my god. He stopped doing that Okay, no more sprinting sprinting is off limits
[01:40:18] And it's bugged again. Okay. Jesus Christ. If I can just kill with corrupting fry, I guess it wouldn't be that big of a problem. But these guys. It's not this way. Oh, here we go. Easy clap. But he's in the pool. He's in the pool. Comes out swinging right away. That's so evil. My damage is good. That's actually a thing. Amulet.
[01:43:18] I can't sound like it. Legion strides. All these are good, honestly. Not at this level. I mean, Jake Jackson, to be fair, you just don't have to, right? You can ignore it. Like, all League mechanics, you can just ignore it. You don't have to do it. I think it's cool because it gives you uniques during the campaign. Like, for me, as a hardcore player, currently in this season, it's cool to be able to have, like, the extra challenge and reward.
[01:43:59] But I 100% we see where you are if you don't care about the campaign then you just ignore it There's no real you don't have to do it right you just ignore it except for maybe I think Except for the Sun boss for some reason. No, there's not none of that Jake Jackson No, unless he's trying to fish for like a low-level Unique there's no reason to do it. You don't want to XP I don't think even gives that much XP to be fair I haven't really noticed it giving any XP like that. I'm still 35 is ridiculous. Yes
[01:44:48] 10 block is 10 block. It's so good, but speed isn't this. Can I use this now? Yeah. But that's level 9. Waterways. I can't even tell it's doing that. It still works. That's why I like having this field. End game is... End goal is to have a shield only on one set. It's kind of sketchy and hard. See how it goes. If I can survive, I can focus a bit more on the Crop and Cry.
[01:48:26] aspect and use three totems instead of five let's go the wrong way or something i do actually want to pick up some of these scepters i don't want stoic scepter i want the that's kind of nice i need what spirit do i need 50 225. so that was actually enough wait how long would it i don't have to travel so far to get the ancestral bond we scuffed
[01:51:47] you are confident i give you that do you truly believe you can beat the azak tribe oh yeah flash biz give me kids i need to get better gloves those gloves are honestly terrible now check them out what's this oh chaos we could go for chaos oh here's another one i think i just want to run one-handers for now bit too risky otherwise
[01:53:13] have a deal that's how many elks do you have tax that's good max life resist we need time lighting damage both these are good you get enough all right that's a lot of armor okay that's looking good regen come on this i guess oh hybrid's nice i do want a better shield but didn't find anything level do i need this 37 and this guy's tanking
[02:00:30] should i have to kill what's not jacked out skills oh spears can't be like melee spears that poison for sure i need anything now i think what's the resistance is that right that's golden fire golden lightning three is it i mean i i guess yeah
[02:03:04] It's definitely that. I think, yeah, you're right. Act 3 is the transition where you're kind of stuck with what you're using in Act 2. But you don't have Rampage. Like, once you get Rampage, it ramps up again. Yeah, before Rampage, it's kind of annoying. It's kind of like that, though, unfortunately. You're waiting for, like, Rampage or something else. Make it pop off. Walking Calamity. You don't get until Act 4. I heard people say it was, like, it's fine.
[02:03:39] level like it's weird like people you know some people say like oh i had a blast playing your balrog build campaign i was like oh that's great and then other people like you say they struggled a bit i don't know if it might just be like a point of view kind of thing or some like you know if you've gone faster in a different build you but i do agree the problem with bear is that you kind of just at least with the um stomp what's it called stomp
[02:04:08] the one that like makes you raise up right your two legs and then you stomp down the ground that move just kind of kills you because you stand still for so long yeah yeah it yeah it really does and you can use maul to stand up faster that is scary so you kind of just need to build there's a problem you just need to build tanky enough to where you're not dying when standing still
[02:05:22] Which you normally just don't do in softcore, right? You don't really care about defense in softcore. I highly recommend getting like a high armor piece, chest piece and stuff. Do I do Chaos Temple? I'll try and go for War Prize. I don't want to do that yet. How much gold do I have? I've been selling a lot. I also have 65 armor, which is nice. Oh wait, that was exactly...
[02:06:56] I'm gonna check something. If I go here, I can do that. Okay, that's interesting. So you can log out. You straight up can log out. Get the reset solo. I assume you have the reset solo. I don't want to wait until I get this. Do rewards from this? This weapon is just so insane, huh? I can buy something. I'll try it. You know if there's been requests through the campaign, it's not. I'm scared. Please skip them.
[02:12:05] the only thing they give is the unique once you do the four bosses right uh and items no it's not mandatory this is not like a normal league right it's just an event it's just like something special to have extra in the campaign having uniques in the campaign by no means is it that it's not supposed to do the sleuth game ah you're stuck
[02:15:14] Over as lightning res max life. Oh, yeah, you're up. So up there's some line numbers. That's air. Oh, actually, you know what my suffix in your prefix. We can get like that. But I guess our damage attacks It's like what tear definitely sold in that results. We don't have results. Hey, what does he not?
[02:17:44] Punch your mana plant. Wait, it's usually... Oh, I thought this was mandatory. I stopped putting down two earthquakes. Second Viper Lady gave me trouble. Triple Empowered. Oh, did this shrine, like, Empowered? Yeah, Viper I'm a bit scared of. That's why I still have this, like, pretty shitty... I'm a sistering, because it's, like, one way of getting Chaos Res. I think I'm pretty tanky, so... Probably the second Viper Lady. Oh, the more the Wisps. Oh, five. What's that mean?
[02:20:33] Oh, and you had to kill her three times. Damn. Hey, why three times? Oh, right, because she was in the main picking up the mushrooms. Maybe this is... I wonder if they ever fixed the bug that, uh, where you can't sock it in prolonged duration and AoE and stuff on the minions. Block OP, man. Block OP. Just hold block. I don't know if I kill her three times. Oh, come on. She dashed out of the range. Two to the day for the Walker Idol. Honestly, it's hard to say. Do you think it's going to get cheaper?
[02:25:11] Like, that's cheap, right? Two div, that's cheap. I guess you have to consider it. Well, to be fair, I think at that point, you just buy it early. The thing is, you can use that one thing from the temple to destroy the weapon, but get back your idol, right? And then, like, then it doesn't matter what weapon you put it in, for the most part. Until you get a sanctifying item, I don't think the weapon will be worth very much, right? This is good.
[02:26:08] I've returned to 600. Is it better than what I currently have? It is, yeah. Oh, no, I lose lightning rest. You can pre-socket something, though. These grenades are Infrontal Cry better to level on this build. Are you talking about my build or are you talking about gem lane for a tool? This Warbringer, you can't level with Infrontal Cry. It's not possible as a league starter. Unfortunately. So, in that case, grenades is faster.
[02:27:03] If you could, like, if you could get the Twink setup going per tool, then 100% you'd be way faster. You got it running Infernal Cry. But Infernal Cry only works if you have the Twink stuff. And you're in maps, Reaper Shell? Like, you wouldn't catch, like, on Hardcore, you wouldn't catch me dead. I guess I can put in Force Hammer. I know you're Softcore, I know, I know. It's true, Reaper, yeah, I know. Even then, like, you still, I don't know how far you're in, like, the defensive setup, just the base one.
[02:28:05] Well, considering you're not from cap resistance, I guess not very far. You do need pre-ascendencies, right? I need a base weapon that's, like, passable, please. Okay. Okay. That's something. We can't accept the YOLO, though, because we lost our jawbone. Oh, we still have our jawbone. Higher base damage. Prefix! Prefix suffix.
[02:29:06] I should've just waited. Fuck, I should've just waited. Why did I go for that weapon? Plus level levels. It's still just worse. It's just way worse. I've not gotten any dibs yet, no. When you build your gem lane, is there any reason you didn't go for now using him slapped? Jake Jackson, are you talking about this league? Oh, you're talking about... You build your gem lane.
[02:30:08] Are you talking about like an endgame build? I know you're probably talking about your Saiya Yeet's build, right? The Infernal Cry gem link. One that like covers the entire screen, right? But yeah, yeah. So the reason is I didn't want to do his build, right? First of all, I didn't want to just, you know, do what just Saiya Yeet was doing. So I want to make my own build. That was the first reason. Second reason is that his build was extremely unique heavy. Unique heavy and, you know, fire skills and stuff.
[02:30:43] so it meant and it also meant it meant that it was pretty like weak defensively and honestly slow right so i went for fortifying cry because it's a melee tag and you can get plus two melee skills on weapons on gear all that kind of stuff right on normal rares you don't have to get a uniques right that's the one reason and it means because i know i'm pretty sure that infernal the infernal cry version cannot reach
[02:31:10] Two things. It cannot reach level 40. I think it's literally impossible for it to reach level 40. Maybe this list leads, actually. It might actually be viable this league. But nonetheless, getting to level 40 is really difficult because you need... Yeah, you want to go 38. And that's much easier to do with... There's actually several ways to do it with the melee, with Fortifying Cry. And you can't get an amulet with anemia. Level 40 on an Infernal Cry Reaper.
[02:31:42] Unless you got it. Did you get level 40 on Infernal Cry? Like on Pax Pact. Maybe you got level 40. Did you get level 40 on Infernal Cry? Like with the Corruption? Because remember, the Corruption doesn't work. But yeah, I can imagine it's specific here, right? But it's not that different for Fortifying Cry once you get that high level. And also, so that was one of the reasons, right? The second one is that, so defenses I wanted to fix. So with defenses, Fortifying Cry gives you...
[02:32:20] 1,000 guard every time the Warcry activates, right? Which means, oh, I forgot I got this. Let's do that. Which means you're, like, super tanky, right? It's like recovering 1,000 light every second, but it's, like, an overshield. Just insanely good. What was the third thing? Speed, right. With speed, it also meant I could go for an amulet that had cast on dodge, and I could run cast on dodge.
[02:33:06] With the boots. And it meant that I went pretty fast. And it was a super smooth build. I can just dodge through enemies eventually and stuff. Because at the end of the day, yes, the AoE is awesome. The AoE is fucking amazing. But it doesn't matter. At some point, the AoE is just too much. I'm sure you're killing stuff off screen, but most of the content in endgame needs damage and defense. Unlike screen-wide AoE. So I got that. Nice. Big. We are tanky now.
[02:33:49] some uh staffed bimto whatever you call it flavored water i don't know i think the price different i think the price was pretty similar fortifying cry compared to the frontal cry i think positive about that though yeah i mean i got lucky because i made the build right so by the fortifying one so it meant that i could get all that before it got popular right jake i can see that should i update the warbringer build i don't know
[02:37:20] I should, but it's hard to update stuff. I'm never really too sure what's best. What do we put in Forge? Oh, Fist of War is good. Yep, I think. I need to be very careful here not to. I wonder if those overlap. In theory, they should, because these overlap, right? You can make jagged ground overlap from a quake.
[02:39:15] I'm wondering for hardcore specifically, I might make this build to have one Corrupting Cry with packs packed and one just normal Warcry. It might not even have Corrupting Cry. Just to like gain my life back and stuff. Have something to spam. I need to spam Warprys, that's for sure. There's no tweets about it. Oh, this guy.
[02:40:13] Did he finish this thing? Those things are terrifying, man. It's still there in the air. Shit, how much armor does this guy have? Oh, no fucking hell. Can you make it unique now, please? Nothing useful. I need to stop doing these. I honestly just not. Wait, this is 38. Oh. Not a bad weapon, actually. Crits. The thing is, I can't really afford to not use the shield. Just assuming issues.
[02:44:10] That could be cool. Not very good, eh? We'll buy it. A lot of armor. Plus one melee. I thought I did trials. Okay, that is pretty solid. DR is nice, chaos res. Oh, wait, what? Essences? Oh, I thought I had essences. Ooh, please. Here we go. Trial chaos. Must be quite straightforward. That's probably fine.
[02:51:23] in the augmentation or oh you can already see the changes your chest not too bad and these are so much easier like genuinely that's actually a joke oh it already feels way faster now all these are terrible and buffs buffs buffs probably 25 slower it's a manic ring yo what i can't want that at this point x oh no it's this guy okay we're good
[02:56:33] Oh, deleted. Holy shit. Good chance. Is that the Resistance one? It's Chaos Rise one. Pretty much Fire Rise, but I don't think I do a Fire Rise in here. This is probably sell that for quite a bit of money, though. 13 Chaos Rise, that's a lot. Does it actually give that much? Didn't give that much. All right, I guess we go... Do we go start with Warcraft or do we start with something else? I'm not really planning on Warcraft, but okay. Both of these are really good.
[02:57:57] Ah, Warcraft is fun. I'm sure it's fine. Maybe we can go Warcraft. When was it? 45? Something on that. I have the plus one weapon. Makes a big difference. How much money do I have? 3k. Three spec costs right now. Like 1k each. Okay, it's not 1k yet. Alright, I have these nodes. I need this. I need this. I need this.
[02:59:52] Even then I'm not even sure I can sustain it. I think I need a
[02:59:55] I think I either need the mana regen from a tier 4 support. Level compared to the zone? Viper. I did Viper on like a super scut setup. Oh, I got the heart. Two hearts. 17 chaos res. That's pretty cool. Ah, blood. Me, of course. I'm Alvaveli. Pressure hunter.
[03:02:43] Pretty good damage. Holy shit. She didn't even go up in the air. Correct. I believe I still have this level 16. It's just that good. This is what I want. I want a Shrine Scepter. Wow, two minion levels. That's actually a double, maybe? In for it. I guess that's fine. I'm gonna bug in a bit. We start way up.
[03:05:47] Go for these notes here. I think we go for these notes here. 40% fast life recovery rate. That's just disgusting. I got the back. Okay. Nice boost. Ancient? Wait, what is that? Ancient? This is Dariani. There's no longer surprises. At least one level. Am I going to level up? Up. I don't care. Blue mobs.
[03:13:17] there we go all right what you got right is already written you can stay here and die save the future talking then my friend here is 27 blue speed fire res region is applied to any shields spirit is this good i'll break my build so build is currently not up to date what i'm currently playing but what's there in the video and stuff is the essence of what the build is going to be
[03:18:34] master tree and items because you don't want you want to go one two three four five six the charter you have to wait for rog to move all the way we got anche currency exchange this is the war bringer at the very top basically which is like a combination of corrupt and cry and ancestral warrior totems and you combo those two and they have pretty good synergy
[03:19:33] blanket exploding or shatter number six i'll post it right away
[03:19:59] Here's the gear I've got. Okay, one-handers. Here we go. Good. All LA res. This helmet. I do want to get rid of this. Do you want to get rid of this helmet? I don't know. That's quite a bit. Yeah, the Battle Royale is a good league starter, yes. You might struggle a tiny bit. If you don't upgrade your gear or get, like, tanky and stuff around, like, you need to get a chest piece around Act 3, it struggles a tiny bit.
[03:20:52] Because you're kind of in between two good skills, I guess. But once you get Act 4, you use Rampage. The build evolves over the campaign, but yeah, it's a very cheap build to get through. This is interesting. I'm also playing this build in hardcore. It's a big difference. It's much more hardcore-oriented build, so. What are the reasons? I'd like more reasons.
[03:22:18] here we are we shouldn't be here this place he got a new weapon three levels before i can get the weapon here just disgusting we can get one it's that seismic card takes so long to get though like i guess it is good all right you can't get in so support too but where does it lead gold i need not much gold i feel you jake jackson it's one of those things where i'm not sure like pb1 right
[03:25:21] You get, I think it's by Act 3, you have everything unlocked, right? Or is it Act 4? But Act 4 is like halfway through the game. Or it's less than halfway through. While here you get everything by Act 5. Basically the end of the campaign. Pretty big difference, right? But. But. Here's my but. For new players, typically...
[03:26:01] I've been at a constant like unlike like what is this? What is this? You know the entire campaign I think makes a big difference Try and it also means that those skills can just be straight up very If you if you had those later skills, you wouldn't use half the skills in the game, right? Yeah, they just wouldn't Sad fact of reality like you could have whirling assault by act two. Holy shit. That's the only monk skill either
[03:26:36] All right, LA fan. Hope you enjoy it. Keep in mind that, you know, it doesn't turn into what it is on the video until endgame, right? The campaign section is pretty solid. You just gotta make sure to, you know, upgrade your gear, get tanky. Having resistances helps a lot. Armor. A chest build with good armor goes a long way. Oh, yeah, I can use this to blow shit up. Oh, fuck. I can blow shit up now.
[03:27:46] my war cries yeah you'll be fine i do explain quite a bit in that guide it's not like if you're new to poe i don't explain as much some of my older stuff about all the stuff i just had more time to write
[03:28:26] at the i'm sure you'll be fine just make sure like even though it doesn't show or like it only i don't show all the gear that you should equip just make sure that follow the gear priority right you always want to upgrade your gear just because the guy doesn't technically have an item in there doesn't mean you shouldn't have an item there definitely want items equipped once you follow that uh that priority you'll be fine pretty interesting though to play poe like now is there any reason you're deciding on playing the game now
[03:29:17] All the little times, you know, you're this close to, you know, the free-to-play 1.0, but not yet, right? And you also have... This is just an event league. It's not like a proper league. It's an event league. I've seen hardcore people die for that. Fair enough. Yeah, I mean, I guess it's as good a reason as any, you know? Looks cool. You're having fun. That's all that matters. I guess at the end of the day, for you, things aren't... Everything is new, right? So...
[03:30:13] Change that much. Just in the event league. Keep in mind that, you know, if you're playing Forbidden Rites, if it says Forbidden Rites here, top left, then you're in, like, the event league, which has, like, the boss rush thing, which is not normal. That's not normally how the game is. Never go past into this. All right. Okay, so you played a bit before, right? We need to upgrade my weapon. Oh, I see. He has five. Wow.
[03:32:50] I haven't played the game on controller or console. I don't think I ever will. Actually, no, I did play on controller for a tiny bit. Not very long. I've experienced it. This build could be a strength. Full of HP. Yeah, I can imagine. Once I add the heart swap. Yeah, I like them.
[03:34:45] through the in-game build i keep forgetting that that's a feature i never used it myself to be fair i also don't follow build guides right i just heard that that helps a lot of people i've forged a few fineries fight the good fight a good fight welcome to the here's the gear i've got hello there what mr what build is better and easy to go in the maps of my builds or just builds in general
[03:35:47] I can recommend the other warrior, right? Warrior. So warrior isn't the most popular right now. Obviously, I have my own builds, right? If you want to easy go into maps, I recommend my Balrog bear build. Other warrior builds, there's... You got... What's his name? Peewee Exile. Or is it Lazy Exile, I believe? No, that's a Gemling build.
[03:36:21] Let me think here. Right, so you have, okay. So you have Totem Warbringer, which is a warrior. Grenades. Mortar cannons, basically. You have mortar cannons that shoot out grenades that splash and just cause screen explosions. It's very heavy on the effects, though. It will blind you. Not everyone likes that. You have the Balrog Bear.
[03:36:56] Which is similar, but, you know, you're the one doing damage. You're kind of, like, walking around while just fire explodes everywhere. That's the Balrog Bear, which is actually a... It's a warrior build. Even though, you know, you think the druid is, like, the bear, you can play bear on any class, right? So those are the two I guess I can recommend when it comes to warrior. Or, like, simple straight-to-maps kind of stuff. I can show you... It would be this one. Take that out if you want.
[03:37:47] Or you know that this this build is my Balrog If you want like just slams if you want to be a warrior that just uses attacks slams like with a massive hammer and stuff Then you know the place in the end. I don't think there's anything updated though. I think most of those builds are not updated fortunately you have This this is the mobilitics which has guides is all the warrior guides that are recommended
[03:38:57] i don't want to be efficient for farm titan eraser build you know that build with contagion you want to be efficient at that point i wouldn't play warrior right but i guess you want to you want to swap eventually is how you're saying right you want to start a warrior so you then swap to a different build in that case i you know yeah i think if you want to be efficient i do think yeah so 100 i recommend that build i linked the first one so much is the
[03:39:36] What are we'll bring her this one I think that one's pretty solid right? Thank you
[03:40:01] This stuff's good. Alright. Do I, do I, I guess I might as well craft, right? Come on, give me something good. That good? It's not even that good. Like, genuinely, it's like, not bad. Same attack speed. Same attack speed. Similar crit, actually. Technically better. I haven't...
[03:41:10] Oh, fire res. Fire res? I don't need fire res. Okay, this is a good amulet. Holy shit, this amulet is fucking nuts. This is perfect for my build. Oh my god. Wow. Just, wow. Alright. That's nuts. Yeah, you get armor gear, elephant. If you, look, elephant, if you look, if you scroll down,
[03:42:16] If you go to like the Act 1, right, you scroll down a bit. Below where like the items are shown. I have equipment priority or I have stats. I recommend you get on each item. I say armor and jewelry, stat priority, moon speed, maximum life, armor. Okay, that's actually going to car me hard. It doesn't have melee levels, but I think this is probably like really good and trade honestly. This. What did I say? What did I say? Okay, quick move, price check. Shift alt.
[03:43:23] i'm already up in four chaos mine is actually insane it's genuinely insane this is such a good item it's an upgrade not that big of an upgrade but it's not let me give you tier 13 gem as well i got doubles for that we got this we could go for this one down here at this point let's not make my own way this one panu is good
[03:44:53] I don't think there'll be a single one. I don't think there'll be a single one. I mean, we'll see. Who knows. I don't think there'll be a new build that, like, becomes meta or is, like, better than something else, right? Who knows. I don't think plus one to, like, skills and stuff from Soulcore is enough. I don't think so.
[03:47:47] It can do hard mapping content, for sure, yeah. It just requires a bit of investment, though. And compared to other builds, it's more expensive to get, like, super high damage. Yeah. Oh, I didn't mean to click that. Oh, my leveled up. He's actually really nice, too. I think he's slamming. All right, Reaper Shell. Good night. Sleep. I'll probably be on for at least a bit longer. At least, like, two more hours, probably.
[03:49:45] The event, yeah, I agree. The event thing is just kind of... For me, in hardcore, it's pretty nice because I just want... I want as good gear as possible all the time. But in softcore, you don't need that, so... Maybe it's not here. Oh, it's bugged. Rupert was actually wrong earlier, though. I did make it. I at least started a warrior build in 3.5. I think I forgot about that. I'm Custod Titan.
[03:52:32] I don't think it was my favorite anymore, but I'm very happy I made it. Let's see the new ward mechanic. I'm rich, 6 exalts. Still, this is 46? How did I level that am I? I keep forgetting that I should spam the diamond, but use it to explode corpses. Those corpses are supposed to do work. Seductive fiend. I'm supposed to get a better weapon. Do not click the ritual. If you get XP, it'd be great. If you didn't have the peace in her.
[03:57:56] i did one oh no these ox touched these guys
[04:00:28] Bugged again. Again, two more points. Ooh, that could be good. That's actually fine. 18 quality as well. Wow. Bugged again? No, I don't think so. Damn, I didn't get the map. Don't I have one map piece? I can't be right. I've already given one of the map pieces. Let's still have the map piece here. There it is. Cast and you shall receive.
[04:04:43] I had 100% overlaps. Yeah, there is very solid in Act 1. Act 1 and 2, I think it does pretty good. Act 3, it falls off a bit if you don't have gear. Then Act 4, it pops off again.
[04:06:30] but now that volcano rumbles like it's hungry and you can see them carting sulfite down there non-stop the mountain must be alive and oh boy it's got an appetite listen to your story this time so now i uh have it oh that makes two come here's the gear i've got now make some legends here's what they get here come check out what came in for you say helmet of the gods
[04:07:24] Let's attack speed. It's actually a big damage boost. Oh, we got some weapons here. 80%? Oh, come on. Give us the gods here. The craftsman? Man, no. I'm going to wait for the last one. What is this?
[04:09:27] Honestly, that's worth it. I'll fill that in as soon as I can. I can get life on this. I mean, 40 life will take it. Crazy, but... Ooh, we got tier 4. Let's get Echoing Cry. That's what that means. We don't need Echoing Cry. Oh, that's what I wanted to check. See, I get tier 5. Aftershocks. Does anyone need to guarantee an aftershock?
[04:11:41] Maybe it's genuinely go for a priority for Christ, but I still see what right now is work and then the shark thing But with I have to go to this island speak up. Yes, I is what We made it
[04:13:19] They're polite to me here, but all right. Talk to myself. This guy's a good shit. Oh, none of it worked. Do I take here? This one's always solid. Coms lesson, like, can't go wrong. This one's a bit more situational. I'm going to go for this one. As you wish. We made it. They are mining this substance. For what purpose?
[04:14:45] the kinfolk seem drawn to this and so am i so we're 46 at this point right holy this guy just rips oh my god he's in rage too holy he's so tanky kill all my totems another tier four i want to go for war crimes yeah it's just gonna kill me no damage game blank he gloves was plus one this heat
[04:19:46] Good.
[04:20:07] 70, 59. That's pretty high level. Here we go. 59, 454, 35. Makes sense. Why are they scaled by Chaos Orbs? These are solid. Colores. Prefix. I'm in town or hideout. I don't actually have that much money. No, that was all my money. Solid gloves though. Make Chaos Orbs ahead.
[04:22:31] we got one oh we got a bunch of new tiles looks pretty good yep has it actually been changed because i know it's changed several times and i think it uses button actually it does use buttons now okay i think you just like you tap it it's been changed several times so the monkey there's a time oh i haven't created you
[04:23:56] I shouldn't use a tier 4 for that. Fuck. Why'd I use a tier 4 for that? Oh. It's all tier 5 gems. Alright, here we go. Build. Listen. Gems. Tier 4. I'm a barrier all. I kind of want a Vitality 2 as well. I want some more open now. Oh, okay. No more resistance is it. Lightning rewards. Captain. I don't want those, though. Wait, no.
[04:27:40] john's let me put that into a normal point uh that's gonna cost us now it's fine what is i don't need it before the fire rise plus four one decks oh no decks i have a different plan this is not the place for violence which hammer has to go do that fix it can't destroy it oh it fix efficiency of course
[04:30:44] It's a team board. It's a board. Are you taking the piss? It's still worth it to be here. How badly will this be? What can I do for you? Here's your gold. I should have pretty good. I have, like, tons of mana. I should have good mana regen. Come on. Make this work, please. It's working. I mean, honestly, that looks like me. Why did I spawn all the way here? Oh, I forgot. I need to get the map piece. Oh, there's no waypoint. What's your step?
[04:33:00] I'm not even losing. Okay, that's pretty good. Holy shit, that's good. And I'm out of mana. Working. We're crying. I can kill Rez with this too. Ooh, is this going to be an introduction to Delve? This needs to be set one only.
[04:34:48] These kinfolk cannot build, only bind. Where's this map piece? It's here, right? I'm so lost. I want this map piece. At this point, I was just staying with life alone, but I have to get to that. Oh, you can do that. Oh, it actually did explode. Well, take sulfur ground. Lightning and fizz damage. No, that was a thing. That ring is better than that, though.
[04:41:53] once i get incestual warrior totems man how do i get there's a gun for incestual warrior times right it's just so far far away 18 20 holy 20 levels get that good day this doesn't count as a death who comes enough to kill a white mob it's enough to kill her mob but how much guard is this supposed to give her a hundred ten percent extra life
[04:45:54] Not bad. Steel? Can't even work. Pure gem. Shit, that does so much damage. That's actually genuine. Parafying. 67% of armor, too. I think it was cool. Maybe not just this. Boom. Oh, this looks good. Yeah, yeah, yeah. Less cost.
[04:57:41] i would ask you how do i find the greatest smith crafts armor for the heart the joy i believe the mother of death you will want in it i do not understand we will meet again say points now for duration your totem's tank here oh this one this one's perfect yeah this is great i think after that we start traveling this way these nodes over here this would go hard which maybe we should focus that on these
[04:59:27] to the prison i've seen it before before choking isamir and now poisoning this shore stand for justice or just wait a minute
[04:59:55] Wait, am I such weird total? Wait, 52. Oh, AOE is so nice. Oh my god, I don't have that on my Pathfinder. 20k gold? I got the red. Explosions feel so good. Why is that guy so tanky? That's the thing that kills Steel Mage and Heart Brothers.
[05:06:03] Even after the sky turned crimson and the sea raged, even after we cowered inside these walls and rode out the chaos, we believed the Empire would come. Not for the prisoners. Yet, we touched it began to burn from the inside out as if an unseen flame had caught within them and were certain to become violent. We told them nothing. I kind of want to go for war and cries because that means I can tank. I'm starting to like...
[05:09:42] Hey, Nick Sox. What's up? He- He Sox? Same line three times in a row? Oh, you started this league, Nick Sox? W-I-Y. W-I-Y. What does that stand for? Oh, right. That's cool. Do you mean, like, did you start the league, or are you starting the game for the first time? Man, Balrog build is a solid lead starter, for sure.
[05:12:06] But there's several people in chat that mentioned that they're starting it in case, you know, there's something you don't understand just feel free to ask any questions No worry Nick sucks Need to read your message a couple times
[05:13:05] I know when I type on a phone, I mistype all the time, but I'm guessing it's a bit more language related for you. Help me out. Can I? No, I can't. Finland. Oh, that's cool. You can say Finnish. People Scandinavian, right? I'm from Norway, so it's not too far away. Don't sound it, though. English is better than my Norwegian.
[05:14:20] I actually have a Finnish fan that plays Peewee quite a bit. Indeed. Well enough, in the Peewee space, you know, you have a decent couple of Scandinavians. Isn't... is Gazi? Is Gazi Danish or something? Is he? He's not Swedish, is he? You got Zizarin. Zizarin is also Norwegian. Oh, he never speaks it. Neither do I really on stream, anyway. But I live in Norway. Nothing counts or something.
[05:15:47] doesn't need doesn't need i mean speaking of cold winters i guess it's not winter but uh participated in a a race today like a running race i was i honestly wasn't with you it's more like just like a run a seven kilometer run but it was like a special one with obstacle course elements
[05:16:13] instead of like running just like on the pavement or seven kilometers you go up like mountains downhills in like puddles swamp and the obstacle course was like with obstacle elements running over tires bouncing on stuff those three parts where you had to swim in water ice cold water
[05:16:46] And it was piss raining the entire time. It's good stuff. Throw the stone. Sick. I'm surprised I did not fall once. And it was, like, pretty slippery. Like, some of the sections, like, my legs were going up. Like, my entire leg was just sucked in by mud. Even when we had one of the requirements was to have a headlamp on. Because we were going through cave tunnels.
[05:17:48] Which had like no lighting in it. And yet, I don't know. I was pretty dexterous. I was actually first out of my group. Which was quite surprising. I was actually quite far back initially. Because I was going to try and stay with one of the guys I was stuck with. He was really struggling. And he said he'd done marathons and stuff. I think he had like lower back pain or something. But honestly, yeah. It was honestly so much fun. Like it was genuinely... I don't know. I didn't know what to expect. But it was so much fun.
[05:18:24] And when you jump into the water, you're like, holy shit. The first time you do it, because it was pretty soon on that you jump in. I'm like, oh my god, am I ready for this? But at this point, we've already been in the rain for quite a bit, so it wasn't actually that much colder. It was colder, though. Once you got halfway, you were like, okay, get me out. There was one of the things where you had to hold the sand sack, walk around the tree. It was also in the marsh.
[05:18:59] So I walked onto this puddle and I just got sucked in. And I couldn't, like, lift my leg up. I had to, like, lean over and use my shins and, like, knees. And I just, like, waddle over and around. 18 degrees is that tough. I don't think it was actually that cold in the water. I'm not sure. Maybe in the ocean it was. We went in a lake and then in an ocean. Or a river, lake, and an ocean. Three different sections.
[05:19:40] I was just so pumped that I didn't really feel it that much. Oh, you have a pool. Wow. That is definitely, I don't think it's even a luxury here. It's like unheard of.
[05:19:55] That is definitely, I don't think it's even a luxury here. It's like unheard of as pools here. Obviously because it's just too much work, right? You just freeze over at some point and I don't get a pool. I believe you.
[05:20:36] Oh, I did it before you could even do anything. Oh, I'm amazed. Pop in with this. Oh, where did he come from? Put a bunch of anthro-freeze. Right, of course. Isn't that the whole point of anthro-freeze, really? The pools? If I had a pool, I would definitely swim a lot more. I do like swimming. I did a bit of swimming. I was in university and in high school.
[05:21:49] But my nearest swimming pool is just not even that far away. I don't really like swimming in the ocean. Nice bang. I think before we do this, we do the expectation.
[05:23:42] Here's the gear I've got. Deal. Dang, that's a lot of res. Unsellable, though. Asian? Here's your gold. No harm, farewell. What can I do for you? This thing is so terrible. Genuinely, it's just awful. You can buy a better helmet? What can I do for you? Go make some legends.
[05:25:59] There we go, Plunder's Point. Yes, yes, you'll see.
[05:26:41] what do we have here? i hoped you could tell me makeshift lodgings? excavation markers? yes this looks like but she didn't finish what she said what stopped her? i'm sure she had her reasons to cut and run there's all manner in any case it seems when you're ready farewell can't they probably check some of the gem cards but let's stop that undiscovered the passport
[05:28:49] It seems a risky occupant. Now we've finished. Oh, it's not right. Right at all. Blood fever. Magnus. Be a can to save my cool. What? He's finished. This was to protect. Now it burns by his hand.
[05:33:58] Thanks for tuning in. I'm going to be heading to bed very soon once I have finished Act 4. I have a full day at work. Oh, so work? On a Sunday? Jeez. I guess, yes. Sunday, right? The trail of devastation ends here. Wow, you work at a casino. Interesting. Shit. I guess that makes sense. Yeah. Fair enough. Hope the house wins. Work. I don't know. It doesn't. I'm not sure what works the most in your favor.
[05:35:15] Then again, we all know the house always wins. Actually, don't you get, like, if you're a card dealer, you can get a good day. Any event reward items this patch? You mean like this? Yeah, so there's challenges for the event. You got locust footprints, rare finisher effect, guardian pets like this. This wisp is your pet. That's pretty cool. And level up effect. I never use any of that.
[05:36:27] i just don't like using mtx in the campaign someone got tipped 30k of a three win wow okay yeah please who does you in the near future i mean i think the level up effect is pretty cool level effect is pretty nice say mid rewards but has the rewards ever been better than this i mean i don't know i guess to be fair okay people like armor effect like armor sets usually challenges has a full armor set right
[05:37:08] Not the case this time. I'm getting in play with the armor from last league was sick All right, have a guy we got easily careful resistance fuck that actually hit me Jesus. Oh Yeah
[05:39:55] Oh, yeah What's going on? This is one of like the poor, I don't know, Pv2 writings. The fact that Kavatai survives. Fair enough. The weapon is super powerful. Alright. My guess is yes, Hamgox. Because in the...
[05:42:32] Duelist reveal trailer. They showed a new boss, Endzone, which obviously doesn't exist in the current campaign, right? So my guess is yeah, 100%. Okay, I'm not going to say 100%, but very likely. I think they're going to reveal it as a new act at ExileCon in November. That's my other guess.
[05:43:11] But that's got to be for me today part of shit after that race resistances man I think I know someone who needs this So yeah Hey and the stream over to someone else I'll see Negan's AC trade. Bye. Bye Guys tomorrow likely is the campaign
[05:44:26] maybe eventually i don't know if we'll get incestable warriors going tomorrow but bye
