[00:00:58] Dude, alright, we need to do this. I don't think it's too hard, actually, to unlock. Oh, do I need enough? I have warm gifts, but I don't have... Oh, it gives you a stone. Okay.
[00:02:12] oh it bugs i feel like it's supposed to like show me like a cut scene or something but it doesn't what we got here this one boom we must assault their hive fortress finally we face their depraved lords with killing them will this i understand i will remember now i don't have any precursors don't like that one okay i'm feeling wrist fatigue already playing uh tennis paddle tennis oh it's useless
[00:04:36] Ooh, Masterwork Ruin. I should have both of those on Deep Slap as well. Let's do that now before I forget. Assistant Ground. Damn, you can actually get permanent hit or run doing this. That's crazy. And the Breach. What the? Damn, where am I supposed to be going? I can't really tell where it is. Holy Ground. He's not thinking of damage. Oh, wow, he has a lot of HP. I think there's something bugged here. Like, he was HP. I think I should be doing more damage. I don't know. I feel way smoother, though.
[00:12:32] I think it's like certain maps. Maybe it was the mods. I don't know. I can make some pace here. Yo, Chris. Hello, hello. What do I need to do so that the answer support totem doesn't require endurance charge? This. So if you look at my level 50. I made the starter variant, right? Chris, I made the starter variant. And you should be able to get everything on the passage tree in the starter variant. When you reach level 52 or 54 or whatever. I think it's 52.
[00:15:44] You should be able to get everything that I have in the passive tree, which is including this, and special bond. Your totem is stumbled, no charge required for placing totems, totems reserved, 75 spirit. Pretty sure anyway that I made it so that I'll see that right away. I'm pretty sure, let's see here. Starter, I have the starter variant, right? Yeah, and I'm pretty sure you should be able to get everything at level 54 with the starter variant. I said 54, what is it?
[00:16:25] only 52 68 well you definitely should have done everything in the pathway tree then yeah that's what you want you want i'm so slow pretty sure i'm bugged right now i should not be this slow that scares me oh you did all right but yeah that's what we need i emphasize it in that current need that one thing all good all good i'm just working
[00:19:29] I know I'm not very thorough in that guide, so I understand. This way?
