Brutality III - PoE2DB, Path of Exile Wiki us Update cookie preferences PoE2 DB Item Item Gem Skill Gems Support Gems Spirit Gems Lineage Supports Modifiers Modifiers Keywords Desecrated Modifiers Crafting Quest Quest Ascendancy Classes Passive Skill Tree Act Waystones Economy Patreon PoE DB TW 繁體中文 CN 简体中文 US English KR 한국어 RU Русский JP Japanese FR Français DE Deutsch TH ภาษาไทย PO Português ES Spanish Brutality III SupportGemBrutalityThree Supported Gem /275 Brutality III Support Physical Category : Tier: 5 Cost Multiplier: 120% Support Requirements : +5 Str Supports any skill that deals damage, boosting its Physical damage at the expense of all other Damage Types , as well as giving Hits from that skill a chance to ignore Physical Damage reduction. Supported Skills deal 30 % more Physical Damage Supported Skills deal no Chaos Damage Supported Skills deal no Elemental Damage Hits with Supported Skills have 20 % chance to ignore Enemy Physical Damage reduction Place into a Skill's Support Gem socket in the Skills Panel to apply its effects to that Skill. You cannot have multiple Support Gems of the same Category socketed within one Skill. Skill Gems /7 Tier Gems 1 Earthquake , Unearth , Whirling Slash , Twister 3 Shockwave Totem , Snipe , Wind Blast , Bone Cage , High Velocity Rounds , Flash Grenade 5 Vaulting Impact , Bonestorm , Raise Zombie , Spearfield , Rapid Assault 7 Earthshatter , Shield Wall , Artillery Ballista 9 Fortifying Cry , Rain of Arrows , Skeletal Reaver , Bloodhound's Mark , Thrashing Vines 11 Supercharged Slam , Whirling Assault , Bone Offering , Whirlwind Lance , Rampage 13 Hammer of the Gods , Spiral Volley , Flicker Strike , Siege Cascade , Wind Serpent's Fury Family Brutality I · Brutality II From /1 Uncut Support Gem Tier 5 Level Effect /1 Implicit Mana: 120% Supported Skills deal 30 % more Physical Damage Hits with Supported Skills have 20 % chance to ignore Enemy Physical Damage reduction Supported Skills deal no Elemental Damage Supported Skills deal no Chaos Damage Level Requires Level Str 1 0 0 Attribute /5 Brutality III Name Show Full Descriptions Acronym Hit , Hits Id BrutalitySupportThree BaseType Brutality III Class Support Gems ItemType Metadata/Items/Gems/SupportGemBrutalityThree Brutality III Support Physical Category : Tier: 5 Cost Multiplier: 120% Support Requirements : +5 Str Supports any skill that deals damage, boosting its Physical damage at the expense of all other Damage Types , as well as giving Hits from that skill a chance to ignore Physical Damage reduction. Supported Skills deal 30 % more Physical Damage Supported Skills deal no Chaos Damage Supported Skills deal no Elemental Damage Hits with Supported Skills have 20 % chance to ignore Enemy Physical Damage reduction Place into a Skill's Support Gem socket in the Skills Panel to apply its effects to that Skill. You cannot have multiple Support Gems of the same Category socketed within one Skill. Supported Gem /275 Allow Type: Damage, Attack, DamageOverTime, CrossbowAmmoSkill Reset Leap Slam Jump into the air, damaging and Knocking Back enemies with your mace where you land. Enemies you would land on are
pushed out of the way. Shield Charge Channel to charge in the target direction. You will crash into enemies on your path, stopping your charge and dealing damage to enemies in an area, and extra damage to the enemies you collided with. While charging, your Shield is raised and you will Block all incoming Blockable hits. Armour Breaker Strike with a forceful blow, knocking enemies back and weakening their Armour . Herald of Ash While active, enemies you sufficiently Overkill with non- Herald Attacks will cause an explosion that Ignites nearby enemies based on the Overkill damage dealt. Earthquake Smash the ground, dealing damage in an area and leaving behind Jagged Ground that slows enemies. The Jagged Ground erupts in a powerful Aftershock after a duration. Cannot create Jagged Ground on top of an existing patch, or if you already have the maximum number of active patches. Sunder Slam the ground, creating a roiling fissure that damages enemies in a sequence of areas in front of you. A number of enemies hit by the wave will release a shockwave, damaging other enemies. Hitting an enemy with Fully Broken Armour applies Sund