[00:00:34] test test okay now we're just we're back i have many defensive notes now i just have this that is it that's actually all my defensive notes hmm i could i don't want to actually go with this or health vision or 10 strength you're really doing good right when you do the first one i was like doing my this one first because it scares me
[00:03:51] These are pretty much always worth doing. Holy shit. Over res. Yeah, build's feeling pretty good now. I have to say, like, I did not think I would be able to get Warcries off the ground this early, even though it's not even that early. Like, I'm at the end of the campaign now, right? Surprisingly, I can clear just fine with it, right? My main issue was, like, sustaining the mana cost. It seems that I sold itself. I sold it. Didn't sell itself. I sold it.
[00:04:40] But the solution I had worked. The question is, I want to transition again to Ancestral Warrior Totems. That's going to be even more of a challenge, though. I've looked into it, and I can technically switch as early as 54, which is when I unlocked Ancestral Warrior Totems. But I don't know if I want to do that hardcore, because I lose a bit of defense. We'll see. One thing I'm scared of is that the Ancestral Warrior Totem setup is going to...
[00:06:48] requiring me to not use a shield on set two. I should have enough like action speed or placement speed to where like I barely ever in set two. Sometimes I'm just careful when I'm putting down totems. I wonder that that bug fix where like official coffers can now drop like ribs and stuff like that. I wonder how big of an impact that is because it's already noticeable even in the campaign. I just have to go to blood magic, which is another thing I'm kind of scared of. Already
[00:08:54] spending like this my life but how much life am i spending 18 18 6 it's 42 and i think about i can probably not get like these nodes then i can swap immediately you want these nodes but it's fine yeah i'm tanking so much i get a shield every time i war cry no i do not mean that
[00:12:13] okay it looks like the normal ones are worth doing but not the boss ones that's what it feels like anyway i'll lose plus two levels of my war cry i feel like 55 so or is it 65 so to be fair maybe i'm gonna be e take it easy on this one ash like 1.5 kg okay that's good that could turn into something real good like present come on man be in essence this yeah
[00:14:28] This beast is doing that crazy stuff. Seriously, running the dead end? Wow. Oh, maybe down here. Can't wait until I can use normal totems. Ooh, own scepter. Forget I can use normal scepters. Not going in that. Forget about it. Okay, let's think about this. That would be fine. Okay, yeah. Let's tank it, I guess. We're not plugging it up. Holy shit, did that just crit me? What the fuck? Goddamn.
[00:19:41] Yeah, there's definitely going to be a secondary, like, before Christ. Probably Blood as a secondary.
[00:20:21] Not getting much XP. His zone level increased, I didn't even level up. That is level enough. Alright, respect time. Let's see. He doesn't bite me in the ass. It'll be fine. No. Holy shit. Damn. Level maybe? I think you should go Essence of Body. That's gonna be good, right? Let's do a res. 18. I actually do need... Scepter's first.
[00:22:59] it was higher man t7 that's just too low but at the same time it kind of just beats this attack speed lower this is all we have i think we just go reds
[00:25:04] To start. Hard place to LA though. We need a rez elsewhere. How much rez do I have on this? Fire. You need lightning rez. How long can this... Is that T2 or something? Ooh, cold rez. Nice. And flat armor. Take those. That's a lot of spirit. How much cold resistance? I keep that. Still have points. Doesn't make any sense.
[00:29:39] I think I'm missing. I'm not. Okay. Ooh, I could just go for these. I want as much region as I can get. Ooh, we hit Spirit. Nice. We get some int. We need quite a bit of int. Don't need this anymore. Don't need this anymore. I need another Prime Scepter. He still costs no Spirit. It's so stupid. I can argue. Gotta go Vitality.
[00:32:55] i cry at earth's center no sports okay that's fine i have a totem or maybe i think guilty who's like my barriers so let's go fresh okay we'll go 150 up go for that cheap one you know four totems total i still have the shield nice all right that's cool yeah we're actually up
[00:37:19] I didn't have landing res though. Let's go for that medium. Gem cutters. Second duration. That's 13 seconds. Good. Let's see how this feels. Look at all the skills I have. Oh yeah. That's good. Sustaining life. It still has that bug though, which is annoying. Where it war cries for some reason. Why does it have that thing?
[00:40:17] Any of these are too crazy. Oh, wait, the Avangars. That's crazy. Perfectly Avangars. Yeah, well, I guess I'm selling that because I don't use mana right now, but with the Avangars, do I even need? I don't know, I probably still need mana. I'm just pretty good now. Yeah, that's... That effect is just lagging the shit out of me, though. It's so annoying. I'm just fine. It feels like I need to... I don't know if I'm lagging or not.
[00:44:39] Oh yeah, my FPS drops like crazy. There's some weird bug there. Every time I summon a totem. Every time I summon... Every time I summon a totem, my FPS fucking... Holy shit. Great. That's just another boat. Why not? Why does it do that, man? I literally lose like... Like 70% of my FPS every time I summon a fucking totem. Oh my god. It's like it's casting my Warcry for some reason.
[00:46:32] All these fancy tombs, and for what? Even the richest man rots.
[00:49:41] Life flask. Alright, well. Protome is at 11. Size to cry. I've seen supports at this point. Yo, Reaper! How's work? Were you still at work? I guess you've done that with your night shift. See, we've come. The build's...
[00:53:03] The build is looking real nice now. Kind of in the state that we want to be. Or playstyle, I guess. Now it's just totems into Fortifying Cry. There's a weird bug, though, where for some reason the Ancestral Warrior totem seems to inherit Fortifying Cry animation, and it lags the shit out of my game every time I summon a totem. So, nothing new there. But we got something like... We can put down four total totems now.
[00:53:40] See how we're running a scepter? We have no weapon in set one, and no shield in set two. But I can summon my totems and then swap to my set with Warcries, and then I have, you know, the shield, and still have the spirit, still have my totems summoned out, but I don't need the weapon, right? We got this flask, though. Let's see if we can sell that. Wait, no, I don't want to put it there. Shift, alt, inequality.
[00:54:56] Max. Min should be 70, right? Oh, wait. They don't exist? Oh, no. It doesn't exist. Holy shit. What? Wow. I think 5 divines. 6 divines. There's no way I'm going to get 5 divines for that, right? That sounds dumb. But, yeah. I might. Put them in max. Alright. Done with this one. Yeah. Nice, Reaper. Okay, yeah. People are... Tons of people, I guess, are farming.
[00:56:23] Yeah, that was smart. You never know how these things can go, but definitely day one is very hard to... First weekend is when you should definitely wait. People get to do the content. That was smart. Is it on here? Totem skill gems. No, you don't want that. You want limes, right? Nova skill gems. Wow, 15 div. Damn. Bitch. You can get rare helmets. This helmet is honestly terrible now. I can't.
[00:57:53] Yeah, plus four one-hander. Yeah, nice one. Yeah, I mean, swapping to the two-hand is... Yeah, plus one is nice, but you need a very good two-hander and all that strength. Honestly, don't bring him by that early. Why is it level 26? Wait, what? Why is such a low base? Let's see, can I craft?
[00:59:10] yeah it's true it's like it's both good and bad it's like a weird one you know it is very good that you know you can scale damage so high by just getting levels right at the same time you can't get damage without scaling levels oh i doubt this exists but what if try
[01:00:27] Damn, exploding corpses does so much damage. Holy shit, that damage. Yep. Tank slams. I need to get a better weapon, man. I think the J-Club might actually go pretty hard here. I don't know how much chance to hit do I have. That's pretty terrible at range. Oh, fuck. Why'd I click that? I need a better weapon. I think I just need to go crit, get accuracy. I can't even attack? What's going on? There's no way it has that slow attack speed. It lags me. It's so annoying, and it's never going to fix itself.
[01:04:33] Damn it. Why did I use this first? I was doing both warmups. Why did I do like 20 FPS? Okay, maps. How much money do these cost? 61. Wait, did I forget to... Yeah, Rupert Shell? Or were you wondering? It does not. No, Rupert Shell. There's no part that... Strength stacking doesn't exist anymore ever since 0.5.
[01:14:16] There is no strength stacking on anything. Normal Corrupted Blood doesn't have strength stacking either. There's no strength stacking attributes. No, Corrupted Blood's never scaled off strength. Ah, sorry. In 0.5, Corrupted Blood, there's no inherent property to Corrupted Blood scaling off strength. That was just the old support gem. Had the damage based on strength. They removed that in 0.5. And it scales up levels instead. I wish that would've been sick. Honestly, that would've been awesome if it...
[01:15:42] There was like an idea there kind of with how they were doing batter shouts where it scaled off strength, but they removed that part. Never added it again. Yeah, if you're asking AI, then AI will tell you scales of strength. Yeah, but it does not. Yeah, always ask the GOAT. Well, to be fair, if you can Google something or whatever or figure out something yourself, then that's the ideal scenario, right? But always you get correct information. Looking in the wrong place.
[01:17:54] the theory build ability to go all right the the what skills of strength now there's not much strength scaling in the game anymore killer and the face breakers i guess if you want you know one scale strength i don't think you just well i guess you can do some of those technically we do that on our build legitimately i can dream
[01:18:43] Let it sprinkler true. Yeah, I remember let it sprinkler. Yeah, that's actually yeah, that's actually the main one That one genuinely gets a lot of damage from scaling strength
[01:20:17] we're just with casts on the odds i know it works for refutation but we shouldn't be in damage i'm gonna die to my like maybe there's a cast on dodge find it out there oh that's a rare where are you going to translate the packs back support the level of damage is kind of mad before mapping uh you i uh this is not the gambling build it's a different build copium tv
[01:23:12] Pax Pact. I might... I don't know. I'm in hardcore, so I don't know what I'm gonna do. If I'm gonna use Pax Pact or not. I have ideas. But I do... If you're gonna play the Gemling League Starter, and I would recommend not swapping to Warcries until you have Pax Pact. The problem with this build and going Pax Pact is, first of all, I want to spam the ability. Pax Pact means I can't spam it. Because I'll die, right?
[01:24:21] Second thing is that it counts as a cost. Maybe it's possible. I don't know. I don't think it's possible to spam. Like 30% of your life is just Titan. You did Titan, Corrupting Cry? Is that what you're saying? Yeah, Titan. I mean, it depends. I don't know what build you're talking about, but Titan's good. I can go for that, maybe. Damage in here. I kind of want to go with this. Let's get that. Use damage, take damage. I think so.
[01:25:56] Wait, so you're playing Corrupting Cry, but on a warrior. Like me, I guess. Another reason why I can't really use Pax Pax is that I'm not scaling. I won't be able to scale levels as much on this build because I'll be using a Scepter instead of a Mace. This may be an angle where I just don't use Scepters. But at that point, I would need pretty good gear. It depends. If I can scale Pax Pax to the point where I...
[01:26:38] So it's clear, but I just don't see that happening on this hardcore character. Or, third option, is that what I do is I use two War Prys. One that I spam, and one Fortifying. Right? That's an option. I think that's part of what I'll do. Have like a support War Pry. But even then, I still won't have levels.
[01:28:02] You can make war cries work. I mean, I'm technically it's working like I can clear white mobs and blue mobs But you know, it's not ideal This lag is honest running away and burn it down with Why infernal cry? I mean you can scale infernal cry. Yeah, but I At that point there's no reason to use infernal cry over Fortifying right fortifying is way better on a titan literally zero reason to use infernal cry
[01:29:45] Yeah, exactly. If you're doing Titan, you shouldn't be using Fortify. You should use Fortify and Cry in every situation you use. I don't know. I see your character now. Awesome. But there's literally zero reason for you to use Infernal Cry. Dude, there's no Corpse Explosion. You know why? Because you have Brutality. You know what Brutality does? Supporter skills deal no elemental damage.
[01:30:19] so your explosions from infernal cry do nothing literally nothing your gear would be so much cheaper and like everything would be so much easier to gear if you use fortifying cry and you would have defense for free okay cool build though i guess okay but you did the same thing i'm guessing right you used infernal cry so yeah yeah this is gemling right this gemling makes much more sense
[01:31:00] Because the final card gets AoE with the quality, right? But if you're playing Titan, you definitely do not want to use it. Wait. Is this guy in Standard? Goons of Eldor League. Oh, wow. He's already gotten this Core Rallying in there. It's a Nova skill! Oh my god! You can use two of them? No fucking way! No fucking way! No fucking way! Reaper! Alert! Alert! Alert!
[01:31:45] You hear, Reaper? Okay, thank you for showing me this copium. Holy shit, this guy's big brain. Oh my god. Oh my god. Oh my god. Holy shit. Reaper, there's another rune you can use. You can use two runes. One for Nova skills and one for Warcry skills. Oh my god. Holy shit, we got so buffed. What? That's crazy.
[01:32:49] Damn, I wish I could add that. How do I add that to my guide? Maybe it's in there? Damn, thank you for showing me that, uh, copium. Damn. Okay, so you can reach 40 on the Infernal Cry version pretty easily now, actually. Well, not pretty easily. You still need, like, corrupted uniques, right? This is a fucking standard build, though, that I'm looking at. It's absolutely nothing. Yeah, it's basically, uh, it's just...
[01:34:03] Plus getting a Corrupted Sunsplinter as well, because you need the one that has fire skills. I think that as well. And getting a Scyther Spear with plus one. I don't know. Actually, maybe that's not too hard, actually. But getting one with three sockets. How does this guy even have three sockets? What? How does he have three sockets on Scyther Spear? That's impossible. That's crazy, though. What's it called? It's called Rippling. I don't know if this is in the database yet. Hmm.
[01:35:32] That makes me think that I could... I'm still missing the plus two strength gems, which sucks. Damn, I can't believe they added that. That's so crazy. That's such a mega buff. Both of those builds. That's actually nuts. Dude, that build clears the whole game? That set up of yours? Why did you add the copium? I wonder, yeah, but it does make me think that I could... That's just like rerolled gambling. Genuinely.
[01:37:48] Actually, maybe that's what I'll do. I don't know. Maybe that's what I'll do. Like, genuinely, just reroll Gemling on AC after this build. Yeah, I just... I don't think Titan... Like, Titan just doesn't bring much to the table. But I understand. I understand. But, look, the leveling of the Gemling was, like, one of the fastest levelings in the game. With Twink's setup, right? I sure want this. Yeah, I can imagine Copium, but, again...
[01:39:16] Yeah, sure. There's no difference between Infernal Cry. Right, she's transitioned. Okay. I just want to, you know, drill in the point that Infernal Cry was a bait. Explosions look cool, but there is no actual explosions. Like, it's not doing anything.
[01:39:55] cool but there is no actual explosions like it's not doing anything opium have you ever did you play the um the delve event where you could only play delve level up and stuff actually the whole game was just dealt right you ever play that in pv1 i'm interested there's another option where i just don't use packs packed i do exactly what i have now but i just don't use packs packed probably like packs packed having a higher multiplier is so nice
[01:41:17] In that scenario... In that scenario, I just used two more heists. Oh, you played Delvergator. But have you... Did you play the... I mean... The example, like, for all I've seen is that the leveling where you level through Delve and stuff, it just... I don't know. It just doesn't have fun. Okay, so that's what I'm saying, Copium. That was a thing, too. You could level with heist. It was the most miserable event ever created.
[01:43:02] People hated it. People absolutely detested it. Was that just an XP problem? Maybe. But still, people hated it. Like, people quit immediately. Like, heist leveling was a thing. The heist league. People couldn't get to, like, level 20. They would just instantly quit. Personally, I think you'll miss the campaign. That's all I'm saying. True. Honestly, I thought that was better. Heist.
[01:44:37] Oh, wait, I haven't got your jewel, don't I? Global fill, increase damage with war cries. War cry speed, rage and melee hit. Well, the crocodile sign, I'm confused. What's best? What's worst? Delve or heist? You already requested the holiday of smart. I don't think ancestral...
[01:45:57] Warchief totems will have, uh, Ancestral Warrior totems will have access to swords. You can only use maces currently with, uh, Ancestral Warrior totems. So, I don't want to speculate, but if I were to guess, it wouldn't work. It would be sick, though. The thing is, like, how would that even work, Hopium? All the sword skills have, like, a ready stance and all that kind of stuff. How would the totem use that properly? I drop in checking for life. No problem.
[01:47:27] Glad it's working out. Probably through. I guess that has a bit of low points in the campaign. Initially, I was planning to do this build you're doing now. The reason now it might be the same person who created it. Oh. You mean this one? Like the totem war cries? Yeah. I would definitely recommend it if it weren't for the bug. You see, like, the totem starts, like, war crying. I think the more war cries I do, the more it war cries. And it's just, like, it just lags the shit out of the game every time you summon one. It's so annoying.
[01:48:10] But if I can get the range clear reliably with Pax Pact, then it might not be too bad. Uninfused versions? Yes. I gladly like the Balrog build. Staple for sure. We build around cry explosions on Gemling. Ah, okay, yes. That's the other build, yeah. Now the Gemling, that's, yeah, that's Gemling. This is a Warbringer, so it's a bit... Sure, I am war crying to corrupt the blood like this, right? But that's like more of a secondary thing.
[01:51:01] but yeah the gemling is super good build and it's got giga buffs this patch in 0.05 not just for show 0.5.5 i don't want any of these huh in flicker totems i think i noticed that i could work i guess but totems themselves don't move and instead they have uh that they have um blanking blanking
[01:52:28] They have that little guy that walks out to attack. Someone like a spirit. If they do let that work, it would be like a spirit that flickers once, and then it would only flicker from that point. Personally, I don't recommend this build. I'm playing hardcore, so this build... I mean, the build would be good. Don't get me wrong. It's just this one bug that slags the shit out of the game. I don't know.
[01:53:20] Maybe it won't be so bad once I get my packs packed. There's some different setups but ideal It's all depths of this, right? Look at that. It's like thank you man. Yes, I mean that that builds pretty good privacy, but it was the thing is That was a lot of abilities. They were using a lot of abilities to make that work and I think people will hate
[01:54:25] having to constantly if he if he can get like frenzy charges or something and then just go into blood stance whirling assault no uh cyclone right away then it'll be pretty good sure but i don't know how live will that be but i'm pretty sure yeah swords willing to solve all that stuff it's gonna be sick can you sustain it's probably gonna be a build that just goes pure in on the flicker yeah there's 100 gonna be built like that right that's my dishwasher done
[01:56:01] Where do I go for now? I want to go for this. Oh, it's not right. Camera can't reach me. It's terrifying. I'll definitely be playing swords, Razvi. Unless there's like something crazy. I'll probably be playing swords. Will I be playing Duelist Ascendancy or like the actual class? That's a good question. Like, ever since...
[01:57:02] New class and ascendancies have been released. I've never played them on league start, but I have played the skills Explosions though clear by themselves. I won't cast when When stunned I won't cast on stun. I was supposed to be in the game, but they never added it. Oh
[02:00:31] I mean, there's some definitely there's some like done like get purposely getting stunned like this one for example is really good and you're like just You have no some threshold on invasion. You have enough invasion to where when you get hit you get stunned But do you like insta-recharge on your shields? Okay, insta isn't correct How did you know they're not gonna be different to Pathfinder 1? pretty much so far they've changed up how they the uniques
[02:02:15] Holy shit. The fuck was that? I just got dinked. My defenses aren't even that bad. I guess it's not that much armor. I just got a native one-shot there. That's a stun? Or no, it was a stun, but was that a crit? I'd die if it weren't for this. This slow movement is cucking me. Oh yeah, the monkey anthos. He's a dick in that. No, I don't know about that, Reaper.
[02:03:58] I don't think it's enough. I don't think so, but we'll see. I said that, yeah, damn, it would be really good. On like a new character or whatever, but it's still just an event league. I'm taking it easy. I'm just starting to get chunked. Update my defense. But what, just get more armor? I don't really know. Through two levels is indeed two levels. It's nuts. What did you do about the spirit, though?
[02:05:26] It's spirit on the ambit, I guess. I want to just go... Like, what do you drop? Gloves, I guess. Don't need to get corrupted gloves. Axe pack is one div on AC trade. Only one of these is. It's honestly not that bad. It makes sense, you know. AC trade is... SSF light. Oh. Block, too. Does it need more block? London has the worst connection. Isn't it called the London servers? Oh, it just has bad internet.
[02:07:18] Yeah, I can believe all right. I was going for this hmm recovery It's what is that damage? I was fine. It's a good Yes damage. Whoa divine orb. Holy shit my goddamn box No one paranoid now opening every box. I come across either by the packets Honestly, maybe I should yeah, I'm not getting any support gems. I need support chance right now
[02:14:43] I feel like packs would just go down in price though. There's no way it's going to get more expensive. Are you an AC by chance or something? How would you know the price? Holy fucking shit. What the? Additional projectiles. Like a fucking shotgun. By rare. Oh my goodness. Getting real sketchy. It's not Qualla of a Christ. It will kill me. It will kill me. The current setup anyway. I've never gotten this far. Why can't I get out of this?
[02:16:42] i can get out of it that way i guess i need to upgrade my weapon man real bad all right and with the axe yeah but i want to spam the war cry with him i want to spam it what i'll probably do is i'll spam seismic cry i don't have i don't have a weapon i don't know maybe i should maybe okay now we go to four wait what deserted post
[02:19:00] Alright, let's go here. Hey, I got the end game though in a hardcore. I've done it. It's the first time I've ever gotten the end game in hardcore, I think.
[02:19:55] And I have no support gems. Like, genuinely, I'm just not picking up support gems at all. I'm gonna have to buy them. I haven't picked up a single tier 5 support gem. Love your poison boot build before the weapon swap with unique boots. Before the weapon swap? Yeah, you're talking about Firefinder, right? Yeah, no, I love it too. FDA, like, it's my end leak build for sure. Feels so smooth and works super well.
[02:21:41] i'm glad you like it it's five divines though opium where'd you get the one divine from it'll go down of course i don't know about zero button but one button yeah technically it can be played zero but it's a lot slower more like min max aoe and just wait for your poison to naturally spread is someone selling it on here right why why what why
[02:23:22] Why is there a guy doing this? Has he not figured out how to use the trade system? Is he free to play maybe? Does that matter? I don't think that matters. You still have currency exchange. I do want to buy this one. There's none. Oh, is it a gold thing? You know what I'm going to do? Flip it. Oh, anyway. I don't think it's going to sell. Parker makes everything. The thought of doing maps is terrifying. Fine.
[02:26:10] I still have five levels to go before I can even... Pack's packed. It's only leveled. Yeah, this clear is pretty tragic. I think I'm playing so careful and slow. If I even remove speed, then I get rid of this shitty helmet. Helmet. Gently holding it back. I need to have range.
[02:30:25] I think what I'll do is I'll have Seismic Cry, which has range, and I'll just have Fortifying Cry going automatically on the side. And with Pax Pact. I really don't want to get close to Shirei. I actually don't. I'm just terrified. I just want to do this, Seismic Cry from range. Having two War Cries going at the same time would be sick. I just don't want to get in there. If everyone's happening over there, it needs to continue happening over there.
[02:32:12] Why is deliberate 14% on that rare mob? Wait, what? Why is it 14% on that rare mob? Is that like some weird buff effect or something? Oh, fuck. Okay, yeah, not standing there. Fallen would go hard, yeah. I do want to check. This gives me 150 spirit, which means I lose two totems. Damn.
[02:33:38] I got from four to two totems. Maybe that's fine. My Warcry does so much damage. I don't have three divines, though. It's nice the guys have swollen already, though. Okay, guess we need to buy support gems. Like, genuinely, I just don't have any support gems that I'm dropping. Like, I lived for those bugs or something. That's your projection. If you're doing this, that's kind of crazy.
[02:35:27] Dealer would love to spam Fortifying and just have Seismic swap, but unfortunately, Fortifying is the only way I can scale. I might use Astral instead of this one. Save that. Way safer. Yeah, I think you're right. I just don't feel tanky at all. I'm looking at Noogie. Obviously, he's got, you know, character now.
[02:37:16] He's got like 7k energy shield, like fuck. I would love that. Love that. I'm definitely thinking of just going all in on the Warp Rye. At that point, why am I playing Warbear? I don't know. I guess I can start it, I guess. This. I only have two. What do I have? I kind of want money. I got a mace. Let's go pike. Pick. Go pick. That one. Let's go mace. Wow, this one's actually really good.
[02:39:29] Wow, it can go so high too. Shit, Sadie's Mercy is just a really good weapon. Who's this skill do?
[02:40:04] And it's just a really good weapon. Genuinely, it's insane. I'm going to try something. There's no way this works. I'm pretty sure this will not work. Disable Magnum Barrier. We have this. Alright, we want Vitality as well. We'll lose that. It does delete two of them. Yeah, that's pretty cool, Copium. No, I mean this skill. Harbinger of Madness. Not the Gruuling Madness. Wait, I can just... No, you can't.
[02:42:32] Those are the latent fears of enemies you kill and very unique enemies you hit tournament unstable operation the buff Yes, that doesn't work for the totem Just five exalts and it's got an open suffix or prefix and as a tax fee 62 though and worse. Oh no has higher base X beats lower though. I mean doesn't matter. I won't have that weapon equipped copium. It will only be on my totem pretty much
[02:44:33] If my totem kills, then that's good. I don't know if that buff is active on the totem. I don't know how that would work. Maybe? Probably not. This one's good. This is honestly cheap. I need to update my Elrond guide, apparently, because I can't have more than one of that. Okay. The maps are gone.
[02:46:50] I'm worried what might have happened to Kingsburg. I'll meet you there. Pidgey? Pidgey? It's alright. It's definitely not... I wouldn't call it a league. I'm playing hardcore to spice things up. The league is... League, I guess. I'm not... Copium! This is what I'll do. I'm gonna... Okay. No. No. I refuse. I will never use Infernal. There's no point to use Infernal.
[02:48:10] But I'll be using though. How can I spam it? I don't think I can spam it. I can't spam it because I won't be moving fast enough. What I'll do is I need to use fortifying cry because that's the only thing that scales, right? I have an idea. Ooh, I could use seismic actually. I don't have to use fortifying cry. I could spam. This is plus two though. How many plus levels do I have on this right now? Plus two. Only plus two.
[02:49:15] I'm not level 65 though, so I can't use Pax Pax. Seismic Rite is better than the Fertile. If I can't use Fortify. I will be using Fortify. The new league is like, there's shrines in every map. Wildwood Shrines? Eh. It's okay, I guess. I don't see that. The campaign was interesting. I just wanted to move past it. Boss after boss after boss. Play the game. Fine.
[02:51:29] I don't know, Pidgey. I would definitely wait. As a player who's already played the game, I don't think it's just a pretty good reason to come back to play it again. Just to save your next time. I don't even have to do that from range. It's nice. I can constantly knock him back, too. I have a feeling I'm getting so much little XP. I think it's just because I'm going slow. I think it's just because I'm playing really slowly. If I knock there, it makes a fucking blackboard.
[02:56:17] Looking like a black vortex now when I summon a totem. Jesus. Interesting gloves, actually. These gloves are actually kind of good. 100% more damage, basically. We're gonna take this.
[03:00:05] swap these two packs pack was so hard here war cry is currently 16. i only got one map from that damage boost decent damage boost i might do the tube totem setup i don't know we'll see 3d min max war cries we just need level up at this point one packs pack but i need levels for that so maybe we need the armor break from range
[03:04:30] I'm not doing that, Copium. I'm not transitioning to 2H. First of all, I'm using a Scepter, so I have no plus levels. You can't get plus levels on a Scepter. I will probably replace this. But nonetheless, you can't... I don't want to go Giant's Blood, because Giant's Blood is half life from strength. In hardcore, that's just too rough. It's a lot better now. I think I should get some more XP out of this map or something.
[03:07:37] It's ridiculous how little XP I'm getting. This animation is sick. My Lightning Resist is bad. Oh, currently my Fire Breath is kinda propped up, but I'm sure they're fine though. Yeah, I heard. Capovium, yeah. People are just like... You can basically just permanently have your Instants up, and anyone can get your 4th of Sanacy. Close this from Trial Chaos. Holy shit, that can do damage.
[03:12:41] Shit, those guys hit so hard. Having Pax back right now would be so nice. Doing this in range is nice. But like, every time totems have been in the game, it's caused your game to lag at some point. Except in the beginning, I think. There's always some goddamn issue with totems. Oh, this guy. This can always give me permanent rage, which is good. Blood. This guy's so tanky. That's bad. That's bad.
[03:21:07] Lag is really a vibe killer. Shit. What is this bug? Why is my totem casting warcry animations? Like, what the hell? It looks badass, but at the same time, it's just so distracting. Let's try and do this. What is even going on? Oh, that was never on set one? Ooh. Who knows anymore. The compounding skill effects of fortifying and seismic. See, now it's fine. If I start casting...
[03:22:09] All of a sudden, they start casting it too. Oh, has someone done that in hardcore now? Oh, they don't exist. I mean, the idea, hopefully, when I get Corrupting Cry packs packed going, it will solve some of the issue, but jeez, that, you know, rough. It's just so funny, though, because, like, pretty much every single season, totems have had some sort of FPS killer. It's not even funny. Or some visual artifacting or something. It's just...
[03:23:37] geez they just can't get totems right we get some uh drink no way am i rich am i rich did i just sell what i think i did oh my all right yeah so i don't know if i i don't think i invest in swallowing yet i don't have enough block chance to get anything out of swallowing yet and i want a good swallowing right i don't want a bad swallowing you need i mean it's good but you need i want to cap my block chance to 50
[03:29:14] And you want a Svalon that doesn't let you take damage when you get hit. Or at least not much. You have a vivid imagination. The reason I can summon Sessual Warrior Totems is because of this keystone here. Sessual Bond. No charge requirement for placing Totems. Totems reserve 75 Spirit instead. That's why I'm using Scepters. So that I can summon them by using my Spirit.
[03:30:18] I don't know. I think I need to save that. Sure. I think I just save that currency. I could give my this weapon. Or like the really good weapon. What's it called? Ruling Madness. This thing. Stay this mercy. Four divines is way too expensive though. It's a bad roll too. This thing is just nuts early on. It can get much better than this one. Even this thing is insane. Wow. I could get a better helmet. Do I buy a better helmet though?
[03:31:36] How much money do we have? Ooh, that's gonna cost. It's already not a terrible item. Can I use this on this? I can. Oh yeah, masquerade? Glad it's working out. I know that my... I keep saying this every time someone mentions it, but the leveling sections for the Concussed Titan aren't that great.
[03:32:44] But, I mean, I did a League Star then. Similar. Ooh, Cold Res. Fair enough. Massacre, yeah. You kind of have to do some filling in the blanks there. Well, so far, I have been copying. Resistance is great. We can do those gems. Spirit of Fire. Look at all these things we can have active. That'll do too. All we want. Decision, for sure. Yo, Fabio, what's up?
[03:34:18] Yeah, the blue moon. I stream every blue moon in Path of Exile. I'll have some. Fair enough, I guess. Well, you have other shit going on. I don't. I'm going to have to use this for now. Nah, I'm going to make it out. I'm not greedy. That's good. Symbolism. Symbolism here. Accuracy. Yeah, I think that should go up quite a bit now. Yeah. It's always active. Keep this out.
[03:36:29] Yeah, that's perfect. Oh, Fabi, you would have loved... I don't know how much you're into exercising and stuff. I mean, you are into exercising, right? But yesterday I was a part of Schistjägerlöfer. I don't know if you've heard of it. It's organized by Bitlifty Blitz. And honestly, I want to say it's the most fun race I've ever been a part of. Genuinely. It's complete dogshit weather, like pouring, like pissing down, like really windy.
[03:38:17] But, still, I enjoyed it. Those obstacles you have to go through are much more extreme as well than I thought. Especially during bad weather. And I was also the first in my group, I guess. Like, company. I don't really know my time or anything yet. If they even track that stuff. And I need to sign up with my email. Also, that was surprising. I didn't really know what it was going to be like.
[03:39:29] It was like crawling on their stuff and going through caves. That was kind of expected. But like the third obstacle was like, okay, cross this lake stream. It goes up to your head, you know? Oh, okay. All right. At that point, I was like trying to jump over puddles and maneuver around muddy areas. And all of a sudden, yeah, you're going straight in the water.
[03:39:55] And all of a sudden, yeah, you're going straight into the water. And after that, I was like, oh, I don't even care anymore about jumping in the puddles. Or, like, getting sucked in by... Yeah, it felt tough. Like, that much, it definitely felt tough. What's next? I don't know about that one, probably. I don't know about that one. Still hurting. It was fun, though. Because, I don't know about, like, just... I guess running through the mountains was also quite a bit of fun. You know, having to, like, maneuver around rocks. You know, okay, how...
[03:41:34] I want to pick up the pace. Where do I have to step? Make sure my foot doesn't cave in. It was still about 7 kilometers too, which was also surprising. Did not feel like it, surprisingly. Even though I'd be way more exhausted doing this than doing, you know, a normal 10K. But I guess you don't really keep pace like you would in a 10K. You have to take breaks sometimes, especially when you're going uphill. I think we were at something.
[03:43:20] One more level and we can equip Pax Pax. Oh wait, debilitate is its own move speed slow, isn't it? Oh. It makes shit super slow. Oh, fuck me. I knew he had an anchor move, but I was not ready for it. It was sponsored by work, yeah. So it was with my team. I don't think, I don't know if I could even do it. I guess you could do it individually, but yeah, it was with my company. We were like 10 people, I think, something like that. 10 year friendship anniversary on Discord. Damn.
[03:45:19] Cool. Oh, nice. Wait, gold? No, that's not the helmet I thought it was. I don't need this. I wonder if this is worth something. It's a cool item, though. I know, yeah. Didn't we have Discord during the beta days? I'm pretty sure either. I've not got a single tier 2 yet. There's shit on my screen. I should position my tones a bit better. Write these spikes.
[03:51:42] Wait, wait what? I don't have packs packed yet. I don't have any levels. I have no levels. Yeah, yeah, 100% right. The Warcry damage is not even going to be close to anything Gemling can achieve. This is not really my main focus, right? Just a plus two levels from Gemling. Like more than anything this ascendancy can do for a Corrupting Cry, right? It wants your packs packed anyway. I like playing hardcore, but I don't say I like playing hardcore, but I am playing hardcore.
[03:53:41] I like living in hardcore, right? So this ascendancy is a bit better for that. The gemlings version is just like giga juice now. We got plus two levels for free. That's honestly insane. There we go, level 65. Fuck that. Going for this? I think I'll go for a jewel socket. I'm not sure where to go for now. I was going for something on the side here. And I had to have it. Fuck.
[03:55:41] Where's my block? I need a better shield. Alright, pack's packed time. I'm gonna do this. This, this, this setup there and interludes. Now we go two. This is pretty good. I need more. One. We'll see how that goes, I guess. I don't have a fragment.
[04:00:05] Now, here's the question. How can I get a plus four weapon? What? It doesn't exist? OPM. Are you explaining this to me? Did you realize I made the Fortifying Cry build last league, right? I know how it works. Did you not see my build last league? You keep coming in here to explain stuff that I know. I appreciate it, I guess, but... No, actually, honestly, I don't appreciate it.
[04:01:17] I understand how it works. Thanks. I agree. Yes. It's very hard. You can't go back. Once you figure that out. Fortunately, this build is a bit different. You kind of have to. Let's just see how it is just this. I want to go this right away. All right. We wanted something else on our seismic. Do we go Rage or do we go something else? Go Rage. Too much damage. I think we should go Rage and Cry. That does not add a multiple.
[04:03:24] Regen was my HP right. I got two warcries going at the same time. Yeah, it's working alright. I'm surprised it's how well it's working with like no scaling. Shit. It's a lot safer now too though. The lag went down as well because I'm not using the warcry as much. I think. Is there something? That lag works? And I'm full rage all the time. I'm like literally perma rage. What does that mean?
[04:06:44] Was being full rage mean and like 1% crease armor and war points for that War points with 30% increase. It was gonna be a beast. It's a boss Solar am it daddy's expensive. He's not so much any gym cars. It'll only to your one man. This guy can fuck me up Thank you. I work in those buttons
[04:16:38] Normal crit don't work on thorns, gotta be global. Uh, unsure about that one, chief. I know that, um, thorns is decent, but the problem is delivery mechanism is wacky. There's some theories going around, though, that you can do a mana stacker eventually, uh, with, um, so you have this node here, which gives you six base crit on thorns, which is pretty good, but, uh, with, uh, swords. Because cyclone will allow you to use
[04:17:17] Both a strike and a AOE skill. A strike? Yeah, both a strike and an AOE skill. Which gives you the lightning bolt. I don't know about the Crop to Cry. I don't know about back to doing this. Essence is pretty good, I guess, really. Mine is good as well. I've gotten this shield, like, so many times. Four times.
[04:20:08] I need tier 1 maps. I need tier 2. Every proc of fortifying explodes corpses. I didn't know that. Maybe two totems is enough. You also lose the regen. Oh, we got tier 15 gem. Bye. Nice. Progressing. I don't want to do shrine because I just want to progress to the map. I hope I didn't scare off Pokemon TV. I don't want to be rude, but same time.
[04:29:26] Is this SSR friendly? Yeah. This build that I'm playing now is. Except for Pax Pack. You don't need that. I'm not doing too much right now. It's nice. But Gemling is not SSR. Want to play a pure Warcry build? No. But this Totem Warcry hybrid? Yeah. I have no uniques. Nothing. Stuff I picked up. Other than my helmet, I think everything I found myself. Oh, I guess this weapon.
[04:30:22] Oh, and of course, packs packed. This is SSF friendly for sure. You can get this easily in SSF. It's just maybe not as early as I have it now. Break armor. Holy shit, I'm just pushing everything away. What depth should I do that? Five totems. Five totems? How is that even possible? Am I bugging the game? I can have five totems. Why? Huh?
[04:39:07] Looks like you can always go one over max if you weapon swap by the time the totem summons. That is very interesting. Huh. Wait, no, I guess. Oh, no. What? That means I can have three totems always with the other setup. That isn't that bad. It's not even that bad. Very intriguing. Yes.
[04:39:55] Yes. Yeah, I can have three totems. Interesting. Very interesting. Okay, positive bug. Very interesting bug. Very interesting. Oh. Man. United ground. Got that now. Let's get damage. Is it only fortifying cry? It's only fortifying cry. So weird.
[04:52:21] That's why it doesn't lag as much anymore now. That's nice. You didn't want this? Oh, you need some lunch, actually. What? Okay, apparently each echo heals you. Wow, that's very interesting. It's not a good life. You can get that on the helmet.
[05:01:37] going for now let's do this gin barrier that's a good question so old press that gives me a cap this hits against your reduced critical damage that's that basically makes me immune base crit coffee and gems content coming soon we're getting dangerously close to arbiter we're doing quest one of the arbiter yeah because i want to hit level 90. i mean abyss takes like no time what do you mean
[05:06:35] You can do any mechanic you want without doing the main mechanic. Like what? Yeah, you can just do whatever, you can do whatever order you want. Abyss allows me to craft really easily. We're going, we're going, we're going hard now. Don't drop your pens. In P.O. you played old scenery back when there was a projectile. Yeah, it was good. Good times then, good times now. These are so big now. All the time. Boy, what? Okay, it's definitely not an ammo hole.
[05:12:21] That one's good. Maybe it's the other one that gives currency or something. I've gotten two Lightless Voids now. I mean, the Lightless Void makes sense, right? Because it's like... The guy does the... The Shrouding. Makes total sense. Trek Boss belongs to Kurgle. Like, what kind of preference do people have on this? I don't even know what's better. I feel like there's some... Currency. But, like, any currency. Like... If you want Divines, I guess.
[05:14:16] It's if you want the boxes to be... Siren freaked you out. The reason we had to go to the hospital yesterday with the fever that Zane had. Turned out he caught the virus that Chloe has. Jesus, he's been dealing with that for weeks now it feels. I think I caught it too now. We meet old men all the time. What's happening? The third in a row.
[05:27:07] fix me up do i need a coffee is that it do we just need a coffee and we're like pumping hot cup of java but is it even java anymore like where is java just a coffee bean sword where does this like hot cup of java come from where where where does that come from i want to know what like i literally ask you don't want to know what the there's nothing there's nothing i would want to know more in my life right now if you guys want to know
[05:28:41] if you guys keep this up chat oh finally delirium passive point i love gaming played magic for the last two days now it's time for a pv grind oh what build are you going with and why is it a spore monk if coffee tastes bitter it's because it's either been roasted too hard or it's mainly because it's been roasted too hard or depending on how it's been prepared mainly to do with uh too hot of a roast like too dark of a roast like
[05:30:20] so the whole like the whole like the whole like poo thing um what they're called i think that has to do with how it is like it's like a form of fermentation i mean the way you develop flavor in coffee is through fermentation yes i'm eating sort of eating or watching uh oh i know what you can watch i don't know if they're loads forget what the animals called i sent you full presidency
[05:31:26] It's like it's right on my tongue. What is this? Oh my god, it's the exploiters. What the hell? What is going on there? What is this? I just call it community, you know. Community building. I'm cogging. No, I want to see the boss fight. GGG. Can I see the game? Plague link. That was another boss.
[05:32:36] Okay, now we're doing the ritual. There's another boss there. Oh, yes, I can see it. That was a good transition. Boom. Where's the loot? Okay, it's coming. It's coming. Big loot explosion. Here we go. Oh my god, a heavy belt. Wait. Is that a headhunter? Damn, that looks juicy. That's so Rance-free.
[05:33:41] This is some decent amount of changes in content, but I would say... Unless you didn't play 0.5, then tuning in now is that exciting. If you didn't play in 0.5, then... No f***ing way, what?
[05:34:20] No way the timing Oh Wow, yeah, then yeah, then there's plenty of stuff for you want to come back in now
[05:34:54] And then I die. And then I die in the middle of explaining how if you get hit, then I should have more vision than I have. No way.
[05:35:31] Wow, projectile has a hitbox? I had no idea. I thought it was just the place it hits the ground. Whoa, what the fuck just happened? Is it 20 million? Meta builds are disgusting.
[05:36:18] Wow, that is pretty chill the way they play the game. Rams, Rift. It's like, you know, Monkey is pretty good. That's like basically perfect build for that. Oh, Monkey is... I don't know if you know this, but it's the Spirit Walker. You tame the Monkey boss, and he just like starts killing everything. Then again... Minimal graphics? Let's have graphics.
[05:37:10] Oh my god. They gave us a hand. They gave us a hand. Victory. This is some kind of scam.
[05:38:02] I've seen a tweet where someone basically... Wait. Wait. Okay, let me get you guys. Oh, the fight's bugged. But the fight is bugged and you guys are dead. I can't res you. There's like laser beams on your corpses. Yeah, dude, I can't even res you boys. Sorry.
[05:38:33] Yeah, they're literally laser beams on your corpses. Wait, I just died when going through the portal? What? That clip gives me deja vu. I feel like that happened last night. That's why I don't use a cam. I'm fully naked, just like, uning everywhere. I'm also using a standing desk, like, if I can stand. I guess this is a greater ego. Oh, I cooped, Irel. I actually have to clean it up real quick. Oh.
[05:39:19] God damn! Vendor that? Okay. I'm so sorry!
[05:39:57] How was that clip in there? Actually dying to Arbiter. Wow. That's a first. Alright. See ya, Rams.
[05:41:38] Thanks for tuning in. And we're back. Damn, why is everyone working on Sunday? Wait, what? The boss too? Is there him? Pretty safe. The boss can't even touch me. Don't interrupt nothing. Don't open the wish for me. Don't worry, Bojangles. Yeah, it's the belt. It has a rune in it that gives you spirit. I just gotta make sure I have 100%. You want 99 maximum.
[05:52:43] uh for the belt i think 90 is more than enough as well but keep in mind that you might have to drop ice armor or frost armor whatever it's called uh because now you want soul cores in your weapon it gives plus one to warcry skills and plus one to nova skills look out for those because they're pretty cheap i think i don't know if i'm on hardcore so i don't know if i can see them but this one
[05:53:29] Very good for the build. It's like a giga buff. Like, genuinely a mega buff. Whoa, that's... Not bad shield. CC9 idol. I don't like having birds on the shield thus far. I want, like, BR. Boom hybrid. Thorns. I definitely gained. Also lost. What does he get? Armor applies to, like... Great question, Reaper. Great question. Water. Okay. Uh, let me change. Oh my god, wait. Was I...
[05:56:25] Amateur streamer, what you gonna do? Black screen is... see? Shit. Not a bad ring. It's an XL exchange approach. This is called updates. And then we want... General... Press check... Hardcore. Oh, is this the wrong league? It's not Runes of Aldor, is it? Called... Find. I thought I found my Peewee 2 cat.
[05:59:57] i found my peewee 2 cat watch niggy do just one divine on hardcore seriously hold that i check the actual price hmm alt six in plays around this it just doesn't even have chaos resistance what i understand why similar to this okay one is bound to buy that i'll be using this i didn't have mana
[06:05:01] If I can get life, that's expensive. There is no loot factor for SPL Rock. I don't make loot filters for any of my builds. Personally, I don't think it should be an expectation, but I guess other creators have set that expectation, which is fine. But I won't.
[06:05:47] added that is too much preference too much can go wrong i can't i don't want to update all my filters and stuff you know but there's no filter for it if you want to make have a like a filter that works through the campaign then i recommend uh just taking going filterblade.com or yeah and then taking warrior with armor gear but taking staffs instead of maces okay
[06:07:54] this is what i'm gonna do i'll show you how to do it so no i do not have filter but actually wait a second okay i don't know if i'd recommend that one but those spl rock those are my filters those are the filters that my i currently have on my account right
[06:08:58] But, I mean, I'm currently using a different one. I'm using Never Sink, yeah. But I'm using HC Warbringer. This one. It's all Never Sink. I just recommend you have Staff. You know, Quarter Staff. You too, Esper Rock. Enjoy the build. Sit on the boss. Moment of lights dropping like crazy? Seriously? I haven't gotten far enough into the campaign. Or into the endgame, right? Still on tier 2 maps, you know.
[06:13:47] cage oh that would i wonder if this is what you use on flickr yeah i think they fixed they definitely fixed something as well with the they fixed something with chests and i'll actually drop stuff because i'm getting like you can like you can actually drop stuff from the chest now for you like you got some random bears maybe some currency but you never got the abyss currency for some reason it was bugged this entire time i could be wrong i could be wrong that's just my guess
[06:15:28] Little divine orbs. Can I get the weapon? Sadist Mercy. I think it's just that one that exists. Oh wait, this one's actually way better than the other one. It's still pretty quick. Should I buy it? Four divines though. Ish. And it's five grueling madness and hit. Fuck it. I don't know if it's worth it, but that's how I'm going to spend my currency on. So much grit on this thing. Actually disgusting. Oh, I can suck stuff in scepters too. Good strength.
[06:17:22] just go with damage right wrong with damage done build up that was all my results okay oh greater jewelers are gonna use that on sure i don't think the fire and cold is enough to matter here's your brutality solid one what i have in my fancy fissures there's no brutality bleed
[06:19:00] Bleed. Okay, yeah. Bleed's actually probably the other one. Can they inflict incision? Right. Both of those, actually. I might have to... I wonder what I'd go for. Maybe I'd go for a Shattering Blow as my knight. Or Guilt, Guilt.
[06:20:02] I need these three and 10% more on a jewel and I have 100% armor break. Didn't drop any tablets. Oh yeah, I can feel the power from these now. Oh shit, my totems are absolutely ripping. Damn, he's so slow. If I slow him, he just goes... Increased armor evasion and increased profile. That'd cast my block. Chibia. Chaba. Oh, I need that.
[06:28:30] Can I get a little... Oh, I am in a little thing. Chaos, shock ground, that's fine. You know what? I want to do a gym barrier. Or do we try a lot of chaos? Yeah, that's pretty crazy. One of lights. Actually, I guess I should be using mine then. That's good. That's good. That's better. No honor resistance. Probably is going to suck, but... Holy, that's terrible. Going to the fourth. Doing good. Hey, Banshee, what's up? Doing good.
[06:35:20] a bit broken like body physically after doing a seven kilometer obstacle course race yesterday but it was a lot of fun so worth and um once i beat the campaign on hard for us so prep pressing bill has had some ups and downs but getting pretty good now i mean i don't work out or anything like that the only thing i do is cycle to work
[06:36:07] and join all the events and stuff. I play football as well. I don't go to the gym. Yeah, I hear that. I mean, so far, there's a lot of protections now. You know? Cross my fingers, touch wood. I thought this league isn't too exciting when it comes to changing and stuff, so I thought I'd mix it up, right? Hardcore. Decent damage. What weapon was for Divine?
[06:37:40] Very good. I think it's disgusting. Do you want monsters to do less damage? Help me. Should we have gone for the maximum one? I want this one. Terrible. That's pretty terrible. It's not the end of the world. We got grind crystals, so it's just like plus one, minus one.
[06:40:15] Would love to go here. She has something gives me how many? How does this though? I will that will wrap you see I can't get much trouble. That's whatever No, Chris No, but Kind of let me show my screen. So if you do exclamation mark builds the one of the top that's
[06:45:37] what i'm playing but it's currently not updated this is a lot of this stuff is old from previous seasons and doesn't work anymore right what i'll do is i'll do import that's my current character uh if you want to look at that you can also just check my stream for what i did uh you know just check my bods if you want i'll eventually update this uh yeah
[06:46:46] And you know, of course ask me questions It's there. It's like the leveling is similar But it definitely deviates after like a level 30 this build won't be until 1.1. I never played the new class my first releases this free name is or bringer I definitely need to work on the guy bless one of those things where you know, I can't work on the guide and
[06:48:34] play at the same time. And I'm not like other content creators where I have like a pre-made something that I've already tested. I don't like making guides for something I haven't, you know, played yet, basically. I've already deviated a lot from what I had initially planned. And this is hardcore, which means I've made a couple decisions that I probably wouldn't normally. Is Bladefall in the game? I don't think... What class is Bladefall? Why do I just insta-stun the mob?
[06:50:02] hey the damage is identity crack now that weapon just goes so hard i have like no multi on the tree too it's coming with duelists okay the blade fall is a spell that's pretty good damage you can damage oh yeah i think i can do that with a unique which is like dirt cheap relatively though cheap i'm sure it's cheap and software sounds good
[06:51:32] Ooh, that could be good as well. I think I'm going to go for this into this. Go for this. Perfect. Oh my goodness. Oh, yeah. I guess... Okay. Yeah. I mean... I guess in a way, that is Bladefall. It puts in lingering blades, you know? But they've changed up how lingering blades work, right? But you're not wrong. Superior Silver Royal Cache. Oh, shit.
[06:52:47] Let me go for the Relic. Yeah, I mean, to be fair, if you think about it, Banshee, it's Suppressing Fire. Isn't that what you want? I mean, Suppressing Fire also has a cooldown, but it's a bit more reminiscent because it shoots three times. Rains down three times. It's kind of like Unleash. No, it isn't. It's like an actual build, Banshee. Have you seen that? Yeah, yeah. Check out Kal'torak or Crouching Tuna. I think it made a build as well.
[06:53:38] Bad for it. So many of these, by the way, the time trials. I know it's random, but still. I love them. Good. Uber bosses. What are uber bosses? There's no such thing as uber bosses in B2. Yeah. Alright, Chris. Yeah, if you like totems, just covering this room with totems and exploding everything, then this is the build.
[06:55:48] And, like, Corrupting Cry, Spice. Yeah, exactly. That's what I was saying, Bansley. Ooh. Damn, that's rough. Should I do this? Just because I'm, like, right next to the boss anyway. Oh, no. Crap. Okay. Wait, I have... Wait a second. No, I should have done that. I should have done that. You know why? No. Oh, no, never mind. I used that one already.
[06:57:45] I thought I had a boon that converted the next affliction into a boon instead, but that was what we used up. That's good. Oh, these are insane. Moon speed. I feel like I'm already going to want some. Yeah, choking is, yep, you can easily, especially in the fourth area, that's where, like, chicken goes south quick. Okay, looks like we're fine.
[07:01:32] Honestly with this kind of damage. I'm feeling I'm genuinely feeling Like five totems is nice, but I feel like I can get pretty far with just three Have a weapon swap Ascended Now here's the question of a wooden wall or Jade heritage Like wooden walls better just prints all damage right it hits it heritage gives you you know base PDR Which is can be really good. Just gives you like a massive shield, you know
[07:02:40] i think i have enough health i can go you know run this training for block i wouldn't well is that conest is that just currency boots who said it was good for warrior leveling uh balrog bear is solid for warrior leveling um yeah there's other variations out there you got cus titan uses quarterstaffs my current build uses maces early on into totems
[07:05:26] then immensely war cries i don't have a guide for the leveling though or do i or not update that anyway 13 items identified let's see here seasons oh that thing's good very good one point off here 10 chance days hit wow i'll play concussive titan that jewel is bullet through your fingers more swamps more trudging
[07:09:44] Yeah, Bowerbear is very much still viable. Yep. I even made some updates to it recently. I should probably remove that text, honestly. As much as it informs people, the video is a tiny bit outdated, right? The video's outdated, but the actual guide itself is... I don't need to update it. It's good to inform people. The problem is most people don't understand what that means. Yeah, it's very good. There's several people playing it to enchant and stuff, so...
[07:10:36] before I chat. I'm in a position where I can make like a day, day three kind of update video for this. Oh, there's the boss. Yeah, once I equip this weapon, damn, the totems have been destroying. I'm wondering if I should swap out, oh, swap out some, uh, my scepters though. Put a shield here and then, and have like a mace here with levels for my war cries. I'm wondering. It could be good.
[07:13:28] I promise I lose out on two totems, though. Maybe I have enough totems already. My damage is insane now. These are low tier maps, though. Oh, thank you so much for the prime. Appreciate it. Ooh, we can take the jewel socket. Going for something else. Ah, yes. Oh, wait, no. I need to do that ritual. Where is it? Eh, fuck this map. I failed to join instance. See you now, Chris. Okay. I got work tomorrow, but...
[07:14:54] i'll try and update the guide eventually but you can just follow my character you know i'm people ninja or check out my what i did in my stream right one i would want to say one thing chris is that there's a bug right there's a bug right now where i use fortifying cry okay actually how i okay well you see when i summon my totem you see how like it does the same animation
[07:15:22] as fortifying cry right it like pulls in the air it's hard to explain but you see how it has like that little effect right it's not supposed to do that i have no idea why it's doing that it's not supposed to it doesn't do that with other war cries it only does it with this one if i use fortifying cry enough i take out these two i keep spamming this and then start something you see how it like it starts creating an even bigger effect like every time i use this war cry
[07:15:58] cause a bigger and bigger effect. You can look at my FPS at the top of my screen. It starts like... It's super weird. It's like a... It's weird. It's a weird bug. But, once you put in Echoing Cry, you're only using this War Cry like every four seconds, give or take, so it doesn't really get that bad. And it resets every time you go to a new zone. But just beware, right? It will... It will lose some FPS.
[07:16:33] Unfortunately, it's only fortifying cry all the other war cries. I had no idea why it does that. It's just the weirdest interaction ever No, that's not what I wanted to do And this one built uh, so blood of the warrior is terrible you I would not recommend that one because it Blood of the warrior gives you very little life regen for your flasks Okay, hmm No, I wouldn't use blood of the warrior It doesn't really do anything for the build
[07:18:23] And as for Shibuya, Shibuya is good. It's actually used in the very uber endgame. You're actually using Shibuya. Because you... Well, the only reason I added there is because it just makes the totem that you put down to break armor faster. That's the only reason though. The mace doesn't really matter much. But I do recommend it. And Shibuya is really good early too. No, the uber endgame. So the actual endgame endgame. I recommend that weapon.
[07:19:39] The reason it's not in the end game is because you want a weapon for Forge Hammer. Because Forge Hammer is a much stronger fissure than Fury of the Mountain. You can hold on to it, right? As long as it's better than whatever...
[07:19:55] You can hold on to it, right? As long as it's better than whatever mace you have, it's fine. This is a Warcry Warbringer. An ancestral warrior totem. You put down totems that put down Earth Shatter, then you explode those Earth Shatters by spamming Seismic Cry or using Fortifying Cry, which kills stuff passively with Corrupting Cry. You combo this stuff by... You also apply Crit Weakness, so your totems crit more whenever you Warcry something.
[07:21:26] You heal whenever you war cry and spam war cries. You explode stuff when you war cry. It's pretty nice. Wait, I actually have to go up to a bitch world. Is there no button for this? Neon here. Ooh, plus four. You don't want that in hardcore though. Alright, there's one on the auction house. What? I don't have enough? It's okay. Well.
[07:24:37] Oh, the Uber is like really early. I called the Uber, but honestly, for the Balrog, you swap to Uber the moment you get the weapon. And the weapon, you get right away. It's like your first item you want to push for, so. You'll be there pretty quick. Wastestone 5? Oh, no. Yeah, the weapon should be pretty cheap. 5 of these? Wow. It's a quest item. Animes. Man, there's just none of these. They're so rare. This is an eye level thing? I want something like this, but.
[07:32:57] Maybe break armor easy. Shattering blow just seems mandatory. Not too bad. I didn't lose HP, I just gained HP.
[07:40:33] The armor, oh wait, I have these are loads here Give me a good life with your five that thing down there I loot Come this far. It's capable. Oh There's in here where's all that matters You go for essence or you have access to this shit. That thing's not too bad of the upgrade these
[07:49:37] let's see if we can buy one of these still doesn't exist then like armor for like life and these are solid pretty good not too bad the nice reason is that in lightning cold res i still have enough with the shield though oh that's a good item it's on six or higher i think we go five to go to the right not that far off from these
[07:55:31] really quick chance it'll hard to do you actually got five additional production right level this one is
[08:00:18] this ignite duration has freeze duration increase momentum this is good this is good herbalism oh my god i think this works at all i just do 84 well all right we're just gonna go one blooded i guess what's the shock what is it less shock patient losing these two are gonna suck with it we should get the turtle every time eighty percent increased armor forty percent increased block nice
[08:08:46] What's its name? Tony. Tony the turtle. Sea turtle. I think it's sea turtle-y. I'm late. Dinner soon. I think the chicken I had, like, out in my backpack just over the night didn't spoil. Not good. Technically not bad. A lot of damage. I think I have enough alchemists to keep doing this. Is that maximum chance to block? Is that a thing? Oh, player resistance. Mm-mm.
[08:13:28] what's it going for now like i went for that last time action rage is not bad this is what six eight fourteen percent more damage but oh it's still for 10x i should expensive damn let's go down here that could have been bad i don't know what just happened but i i stunned frozen uh basically yeah as juice kind of
[08:15:51] But I already had, like, ideas of how stuff worked. I already had, like... I wanted to use this Incest of War totems with War Price. So I knew there was going to be a synergy there. I had an initial plan. But not, like... Oh, my God. Holy shit. What was that? Oh, I didn't take damage. I didn't actually take damage. I just got this shrine, which increased my HP. So it looked like I lost HP, but I just gained HP. It always spooks me.
[08:16:52] but basically I spam I have chapters in my hands have spirit and that's how you can summon totems what spirit you have the more totems you can have and each totem has earth shatter in it which is like these little spikes that it puts down I detonate those spikes with my war cries my war cries also explode corpses heal me give me some defense try corrupt the blood and
[08:17:23] And apply critical weakness, which is basically more crit to my totems. Just increase the damage of my totems. Combo between totems and warcries. I should probably finish the tools. Pretty much tattoos. The turtle, the actual minions, the little spirits, the summon, they do nothing. They don't actually do anything. They're just like cosmetic. They buff as well. They're more like supports. The east totem summons them as like a part of my ascendancy. But they're not actually doing any damage.
[08:19:18] attack there's like two spirits there's one that you know the animals and there's one like dude that uses my ace skill but still more stuff left
[08:19:56] Still more stuff left Ideally, I want to get this to power where I can just like walk around and this one war cry just bleeds everything to death You've seen the other build, right? Or like clearing most things totems for like bosses and tons of enemies Still have only 15. I've got a Marsha. Yeah, I did That cleared immediately, but I guess I get just there's more and more Mars per
[08:24:05] Why re-roll? Is Balrog War bad? I never re-rolled. This was the build I played from the start. This season. I haven't played Balrog Bear since... I guess I played Titan version of Balrog Bear last season. I didn't re-roll, but I didn't finish, I guess. Because I had other builds I wanted to do. I usually don't play the same build twice. Unless I'm doing a new version of it. Completely new build.
[08:25:55] Oh, no, it's not. Well, in a way it is, I guess. I want to do these shrines, but where are they? Oh, I didn't see your message, Reaper. Sorry. Alright. I might stream during the weekend. I'm not sure about it yet. Probably. Probably do streams after eating. I don't have any plans. Have a good one. I got the explosions from the Warframe. I actually like the artwork.
[08:28:32] They're clear by themselves. I don't like what they're doing. They're just kind of cool. I need to just do the higher tier maps at this point. I just need to do the two dicks. I'm just a bit scared. Regular. Best map of the world. Oh, chill ground. I don't know if I should even do these. I guess it's cool to kill lots of them. I need to invest into the ritual. Yeah, honestly, that's what I should do. I should be doing leveled up.
[08:33:34] Should I be picking up? I think once I get tier 5 and up, tiered loot, I could pick it up. But I feel like bears can go for a pretty penny. HC. So little players in here. Bots. Ooh, serve shards, huh? You don't get it. Where's my cool little... I thought you didn't have to be that high level. Just high level 70? Where are my omens? I guess I am getting omens. Where's my good omens?
[08:36:26] One max life. Just not missing out on the res, eh? I have a lot of res. I guess. Where did I get that res from? 100 life. 2,000, I mean. I need more crit chance. Let me go down here and get these. I can actually go for both of these. Ideally, I want them both global, right? Strength. Alright, but that's going to be me for today. Thank you. Foods. And I have work tomorrow. And a... That's it.
[08:39:15] hey see you guys probably tomorrow for you know shorter streams but the progress continues still alive hc level 74 genuinely impressed we came this far i was feeling pretty good oh my gosh you actually have to do this for that you have to do this for the challenge i had no idea what is this
[08:39:55] Oh wait, you have to take uniques from ritual. Good to know, I guess. Use omens. Wait. Do you have to use the one omen where you have to die? I hope not. That'd be hilarious. Okay, well. Aziri the Red Queen? Come on, that's evil. What? Aziri? Liberation? What is that? Is that Bodark? We're going to have to go back to this. Okay, let's see.
[08:41:58] he's streaming right now thank you again honestly great anyone gg you guys tomorrow
