[00:00:34] test test okay now we're just back i have many defensive notes now i just have this that is it that's actually all my defensive nodes hmm i could i don't want to go with this or health vision or 10 strength you're really doing good right when you do the first one i was like doing my this one first because it scares me
[00:03:51] These are pretty much always worth doing. Holy shit. Blue res. Yeah, build's feeling pretty good now. I have to say, like, I did not think I would be able to get War Cries off the ground this early, even though it's not even that early. Like, I'm at the end of the game now, right? Surprisingly, I can clear just fine with it, right? My main issue was, like, sustaining the mana cost. It seems that I sold itself. I sold it. Didn't sell itself. I sold it.
[00:04:40] But the solution I had worked. The question is, I want to transition again to ancestral warrior totems. And that's going to be even more of a challenge, though. I've kind of looked into it, and I can technically switch as early as 54, which is when I unlocked ancestral warrior totems. But I don't know if I want to do that hardcore, because I lose a bit of defense. We'll see. Another thing I'm scared of is that the ancestral warrior totem setup is going to...
[00:06:48] requiring me to not use a shield on set two. I should have enough like Action speed or placement speed where like I barely ever in set two Because I'm just careful when I'm putting down totems So I wonder that that bug fix where like official coffers can now drop Like ribs and stuff like that I wonder how big of an impact that is because it's already noticeable even in the campaign I just have to go to blood magic. It's another thing. I'm kind of scared of already
[00:08:54] spending like least my life but how much life am i spending 18 18 6 it's 42. kind of thing about it i can probably not get like these nodes then i can swap immediately you want these nodes but it's fine yeah i'm tanking so much the shield every time i work right no i do not mean to do that
[00:12:13] okay it looks like the normal ones are worth doing but not the boss ones what it feels like anyway i'll lose plus two levels over my war cry i feel 55 sun or six on 55 to be fair maybe i won't be take it easy on this one ah i should be like okay that's good that could turn into something real good like present come on man be in essence this yeah
[00:14:28] This piece of the unit are crazy, so. Can I seriously run at a dead end? Wow. Oh, maybe down here. Can't wait until I can use normal totems. Ooh, own scepter. Forget I can use normal scepter. Not going in there. Forget about it. Okay, let's think about this. That would be fine. Okay, yeah. Let's tank it, I guess. We're not plugging it out. Holy shit, did that just crit me? What the fuck? God damn.
[00:19:41] Yeah, there's definitely going to be a secondary, like, he's required to apply Quarkly Blood as a secondary.
[00:20:21] Not getting much XP. He's all level increased. I didn't even level up. That is level enough. Alright, respect time. Let's see. He doesn't bite me in the ass. It'll be fine. No. Holy shit. Dang it. Level maybe? I think he should go Essence of Body. That's gonna be good, right? Let's go Rez. 18. I actually do need Scepter's first.
[00:22:59] what news do you bring stay your business it was higher man t7 that's just too low but at the same time it kind of just beats this this is all we have this is all that one exalt i'll post it right away i think that's great now suffix i think we just go res
[00:25:04] to start applies to la though being a res elsewhere so much res i have on this fire you need lightning res how long can this is that t2 or something oh cold res nice and flat armor take those it's a lot of spirit too much cold resistance changed my mind i've changed my mind i keep that still have points making sense
[00:29:39] I think I'm missing. I'm not. In that case. Ooh, I could just go for these. I want as much regen as I can get. Ooh, we hit spirit. Nice. We get some ints. We need quite a bit of ints. I don't need this anymore. I don't need this anymore. I need another divine scepter. He still costs no spirit. It's so stupid. I can argue. Category vitality.
[00:32:55] I cry. Earth shatter. No support. Okay, that's fine. I have a totem. Or maybe, I think, guilty use, magma. Let's go for a shield. Okay, we'll go 150. Let's go for that cheap one. We have four totems total. I still have the shield. Nice. All right. That's cool. Yeah, we're actually up.
[00:37:19] you don't have running reds now let's go for the medium gem cutters second duration that's 13 seconds let's see how this feels all the skills i have oh yeah that's good sustaining life it still has that bug though which is annoying where like it war cries for some reason why did i have that
[00:40:17] Any of these are too crazy. Oh, wait, Leavangas. That's crazy. Perfect Leavangas. Damn. Yeah, well, I guess I'm selling that because I don't use mana right now, but... With Leavangas? Do I even need... I don't know. I probably still need mana. I'm just pretty good now. Yeah, that's... That effect is just lagging the shit on me, though. That's so annoying. I'm just fine. Definitely feels like I need to... I can't tell if I'm lagging right now.
[00:44:39] Oh, yeah, my FPS drops, like, phrases. Some weird bug there. Every time I summon a totem. Every time I summon a... Every time I summon a totem, my FPS fucking dead. Holy shit. Great. That's just another bug. Why not? Why does it do that, man? I literally lose, like, a... Like, 70% of my FPS every time I summon a fucking totem. Oh, my God. It's like it's casting my Warcraft for some reason.
[00:46:32] All these fancy tombs and even the richest man. Still can't. What? This needs to be on set two. Oh my god. That's one. Now I'm doing no damage. I was summing them on set one. No, that shouldn't even be possible. I was never summing them. Damage is fine. A bit lower than I expected. With fear, I have like lower damage on three. Ascended life flask two. Oh, perfect. Holy shit. Oh my god. That's like GG.
[00:49:41] Life flask. Alright, well. Prodium is at 11. Is that a surprise? I've seen sports at this point. Yo, Reaper. How's work? Were you still at work? I guess you've done that with your nitrate shift. See, we've calmed the builds.
[00:53:03] The build is looking real nice now. Kinda in the state that we want to be. Or playstyle, I guess. Now it's just totems into Fortify and Cry. There's a weird bug, though, where for some reason, the Ancestral Warrior totem seems to inherit Fortify and Cry animation, and it lags the shit out of my game every time I summon a totem. So, nothing new there. But we got some, like, we can put down four total totems down.
[00:53:40] you see we're running a scepter we have no weapon in set one and no shield in set two but i can uh my totems and then swap to my set with war cries and then i have you know the shield uh and still have the spirit still have my home some that summoned out but i don't need the weapon right we got this flask though let's see if we sell that wait no i don't put it shift alt
[00:54:56] Max, it's min, should be 70, right? Oh, wait, they don't exist. Oh, no. It doesn't exist. Holy shit, what? Wow. I think five divines, six divines. There's no way I'm gonna get five divines for that, right? That sounds dumb. Yeah, I might. Put a min max. All right, I'm done with this one. Yeah, nice, Reaper. Okay, yeah, people are, like, tons of people, I guess, are farming, uh...
[00:56:23] Yeah, smart. You never know how these things can go, but definitely day one is very hard to... First weekend is when you should definitely win. People get to do the content. That's smart. Is it on here? Totem skill gems. No, you don't want that. You just want lambs, right? Nova skill gems. Wow, 15 div. Damn. Rich. You can't wear helmets. This helmet is honestly terrible now. I can't.
[00:57:53] yeah plus four one under yeah nice one yeah i mean swapping to the two hand is yeah plus one is nice but you need a very good two-hander and all that strength i'll say don't worry about that early can i've got some trinkets why is level 27 sticks wait what why such a low base see can i
[00:59:10] yeah it's true it's like it's both good and bad it's like a weird one you know it is very good that you know you can scale damage so high by just getting levels right at the same time you can't get damage without scaling levels oh i doubt this exists but what if fry
[01:00:27] Damn, exploding the corpses does so much damage. Holy shit, that damage. Yep. Tank slams. I need to get a better weapon, man. I think the Jade Club might actually go pretty hard here. I don't know how much chance to hit do I have. That's pretty terrible at range. Oh fuck, why'd I click that? Need a better weapon. I think I just need to go crit, get accuracy. Can't even attack? What's going on? There's no way it has that slow attack speed. Flags me is so annoying and it's never gonna fix itself.
[01:04:33] Damn it. Why don't I use this first? I was doing both warm-race. Why do like 20 FPS? Okay, maps. How much mana do these cost? 61. Wait, did I forget to... Yeah, Reaper Shell? Or were you wondering? It does not. No, Reaper Shell. There's no part that... Strength stacking doesn't exist anymore ever since 0.5.
[01:14:16] There is no strength stacking on anything. Normal Corrupted Blood doesn't have strength stacking either. There's no strength stacking attributes. No, Corrupted Blood's never scaled off strength. Oh, sorry. In 0.5, Corrupted Blood, there's no inherent property to Corrupted Blood scaling off strength. That was just the old support gem. Had the damage based on strength. They removed that in 0.5. And it scales up levels instead. I wish that would be sick. Honestly, that would have been awesome if it...
[01:15:42] There was like an idea there kind of with how they were doing batter shouts Where it scaled up strength, but they removed that part never added it again Yeah, if you're asking AI then AI will tell you skills of strength. Yeah, but it does not Yeah, always ask the goats Well, if you can google something or whatever or figure out something yourself then That's the ideal scenario, right? But always you get correct information Looking in the wrong place
[01:17:54] the theory build ability to go all right the what scales of strength now there's not much strength scaling in the game anymore killer and the pace breakers i guess if you want you know one scale string i don't think you just well i guess you can do something technically we do that on power build generally i can dream
[01:18:43] That sprinkler true. Yeah, however, let's bring to her. Yeah, that's actually yeah, that's actually the main one That one genuinely gets a lot of damage from scaling strength doing I need to use
[01:20:17] we're just with cast on dodge i know it works for refutation but she's not taking damage i'm gonna die the my like maybe there's a cast on dodge find it out there oh that's a bear are you going to translate the packs packs for the level of damage is kind of mad before mapping uh you i uh this is not the gemling build it's a different build copium tv
[01:23:12] Pax Pact, I might... I don't know. I'm in hardcore, so I don't know what I'm going to do, if I'm going to use Pax Pact or not. I have ideas. But I do, if you're going to play the gemling leak starter, and I would recommend not swapping to Warcries until you have Pax Pact. The problem with this build and going Pax Pact is, first of all, I want to spam the ability. Pax Pact means I can't spam it. I'll die, right?
[01:24:21] Second thing is that... It cancels the cost. Maybe it's possible? I don't know. I don't think it's possible to spam. Like, 20% of your life is just Titan. You did Titan, Corrupting Cry? Is that what you're saying? Yeah, Titan, I mean, depends. I don't know what build you're talking about, but Titan's good. I can go for that, maybe. Damage in here. I kind of want to go with this. Let's get that. I think so.
[01:25:56] Wait, so you're playing Corrupting Cry, but on a warrior. Like me, I guess. Another reason why I don't want to use, why I can't really use Pax Pack is that I'm not scaling. I won't be able to scale levels as much on this build because I'll be using a scepter instead of a mace. Okay, this may be an angle where I just don't use scepters. But at that point, I would need pretty good gear. It depends. Like, if I can scale Pax Pack to the point where I, like...
[01:26:38] so it's clear of them but i just don't see that happening on this character hardcore character or third option is that what i do is i use two war fries one that i spam and one fortifying right that's an option i think this party will do have like a support work right but even then i still won't have levels
[01:28:02] You can make war cries work. I mean, I'm technically it's working like I can clear white mobs and blue mobs But you know, it's not ideal This lag is honestly running away and burn it down Why infernal cry? I mean you can scale infernal cry. Yeah, but I think at that point there's no reason to use infernal cry over Fortifying right fortifying is way better on a Titan There's zero reason to use infernal cry
[01:29:45] Yeah, exactly. If you're doing Titan, you shouldn't be using Fortify. You should use Fortify and Cry in every situation you should use. I see your character now. Awesome. But there's literally zero reason for you to use Infernal Cry. Dude, there's no corpse explosion. You know why? Because you have Brutality. You know what Brutality does? Supporter skills deal no elemental damage.
[01:30:19] so your explosions from infernal cry do nothing literally nothing your gear would be so much cheaper and like everything would be so much easier to gear if you use fortifying cry and you would have defense for free okay cool build though i guess okay but you did the same thing i'm guessing right you used infernal cry so yeah yeah this is gemling right this gemling makes much more sense
[01:31:00] Because Imperial Cry gets AoE with the quality, right? But if you're playing Titan, you definitely do not want to use... Wait. Is this guy in Standard? Goons of Eldor League. Oh, wow. He's already gotten this core rallying in there. It's a Nova skill! Oh my god! You can use two of them? No fucking way. No fucking way. No fucking way. Reaper. Alert. Alert. Alert.
[01:31:45] You here, Reaper? Okay, thank you for showing me this, Copium. Holy shit, this guy's big brain. Oh my god. Oh my god. Oh my god. Holy shit. Reaper, there's another rune you can use. You can use two runes. One for Nova skills and one for Warcry skills. Oh my god. Holy shit, we got so buffed. What? That's crazy.
[01:32:49] Damn, I wish I could add a- how do I add that to my guide? Maybe it's in there? Damn, thank you for showing me that, uh, Copium. Damn it. Okay, so you can reach 40 on the Infernal Cry version pretty easily now, actually. Well, not pretty easily. You still need, like, corrupted uniques, right? This is a fucking standard build, though, that I'm looking at. It's absolutely nuts. Yeah, it's basically, uh, it's just...
[01:34:03] Plus, getting a Corrupted Sun Splinter as well, because you need the one that has fire skills. I think that as well. And getting a Scythe of Spear with plus one. I don't know. Actually, maybe that's not too hard, actually. But getting one with three sockets. How does this guy even have three sockets? What? How does he have three sockets on Scythe of Spear? That's not even possible. That's crazy, though. What's it called? It's called Rippling. I don't know if this is in the database yet. Hmm.
[01:35:32] That makes me think that I can't I still I'm still missing the plus two strength gems sucks Damn, I can't believe they added that. That's so crazy. That's such a mega buff Both of those bills. That's actually nuts It's for something but dude that bill clears the whole game that set up yours Why did you add the copium? I said I wonder yeah, but it does make me think that I could That's just like re-roll gently and you know
[01:37:48] Actually, maybe that's what I'll do. I don't know. Maybe that's what I'll do. Like, genuinely. Just re-roll Jemling on AC after this build. Yeah, I just... I don't think Titan... Like, Titan just doesn't bring much to the table. But I understand. I understand. But look, the leveling of the Jemling was, like, one of the fastest levelings in the game. With Twink setup, right? I sure want this. I can imagine Copium, but again...
[01:39:16] Yeah, I guess. Yeah, sure. There's no difference between Infernal Cry. Right, she's transitioned. Okay. I just want to, you know, drill in the point that Infernal Cry was a bait. The explosions look cool, but there is no actual explosions. Like, it's not doing anything.
[01:39:55] cool but there is no actual explosions like it's not doing anything opium have you ever did you play the the delve event where you could only play delve level up and stuff actually the whole game was just dell right you ever play that in pv1 i'm interested there's another option where i just don't use packs packed i do exactly what i have now but i just don't use pack packs like packs packed having a higher multiplier is so nice
[01:41:17] Nah, in that scenario... In that scenario, I just used two more heists. Oh, you played devil back here. But have you... Did you play the... I mean... The example, like, for all I've seen is that the leveling where you level through delve and stuff, it just... I don't know. It just doesn't have fun. Okay, so that's what I'm saying, Copium. That was a thing, too. You could level with heist. It was the most miserable event ever created.
[01:43:02] People hated it. People absolutely detested it. Was that just an XP problem? Maybe. But still, people hated it. Like, people quit immediately. Heist, like, heist leveling was a thing. The heist leave. People couldn't get to, like, level 20. They would just, they just instantly quit. Personally, I think, uh, you'll miss the campaign. Honestly, I thought that was better. Heist.
[01:44:37] What is it? Here's your gold. Oh wait, I haven't got to your jewel, don't I? Global fill, increase damage with work horizons, oh. Hey. Worker speed, rage and melee hit. Well, the crocodile sign, I'm confused. What's best, what's worst? Delve or heist? You already requested holiday off, smart. I don't think Ancestral...
[01:45:57] which if totems will have, uh, Ancestive Warrior totems will have access to swords. You can only use maces currently with, uh, Ancestive Warrior totems. So, I don't want to speculate, but if I were to guess, it wouldn't work. It would be sick, though. The thing is, like, how would that even work, Copium? All the sword skills have, like, a ready stance and all that kind of stuff. How would the totem use that properly? I'm checking for life. No problem.
[01:47:27] Glad it's working out. Probably through. I guess it has a bit of low points in the campaign. Initially I was trying to do this build you're doing now. Reason now it might be the same person we created. Oh. I mean this one? Like the totem war cries? Yeah. I would definitely recommend it if it weren't for the bug. You see like the totem starts like war crying. I think the more war cries I do, the more it war cries and it's just like it just lags the shit out of the game every time you summon. It's so annoying.
[01:48:10] But if I can get the... If I can just clear reliably with Pax Pact, then it might not be too... Uninfused versions. Yes. I gladly like the Balrog build. Stable for sure. We build around Cry Explosions on Jemling. Ah, okay, yes. That's the other build, yeah. Now, the Jemling, that's... Yeah, that's Jemling. This is a Warbringer, so it's a bit... Sure, I am War Crying to do Crop the Blood like this, right? But that's, like, more of a secondary thing.
[01:51:01] but yeah the gambling is super good built and it's got giga buffed this patch in 0.05 not just for show a 0.5.5 i don't want any of these huh in liquor totems i think i noticed that i could work i guess but totems themselves don't move instead they have uh that they have um i'm blanking blanking
[01:52:28] They have that little guy that walks out. Someone like a spirit. If they do let that work, it would be like a spirit that flickers once, and then it would only flicker from that point. Personally, I don't recommend this build. I'm playing hardcore, so this build, I mean, the build would be good. Don't get me wrong. This one bug that slags the shit out of the game, I don't know.
[01:53:20] Maybe it won't be so bad once I get like packs packed, do some different setups, but ideal. It's so depths of this, right? Look at that. It's like tanking my FPS. I mean, that builds pretty good, Ravzee, but the thing is, that was a lot of abilities. They were using a lot of abilities to make that work, and I think people will hate.
[01:54:25] having to constantly if he if he can get like frenzy charges or something and then just go into blood stance whirling assault no uh cyclone right away then it'll be pretty good sure but i don't know how live will that be but i'm pretty sure yeah swords well installed all that stuff is gonna be sick can you sustain it's probably gonna be a build that just goes pure in on the flicker yeah it's 100 gonna be built like that right that's my dishwasher done
[01:56:01] what do i go for now i want to go for this really it's on the build oh it's all right camera completely it's terrifying i'll definitely be playing swords raspberry unless there's like something crazy i'll probably be playing swords would i be playing dualist ascendancy or like the actual class that's a good question like ever since
[01:57:02] New Class and Senesies have been released. I've never played them on League Start. But I have played the skills. Explosions, though, clear by themselves. I want cast when... Not when stunned. I want cast on stun. That was supposed to be in the game, but they never added it. Oh, fuck. I need to be careful.
[02:00:31] Dude, I mean there's some definitely there's some like done like get purposely getting stunned like this one for example is really good And you know like just you have no some threshold on invasion You have enough vision to where when you get hit you get stunned, but you like insta recharge on your shields Okay, insta isn't correct, but how did you know they're not gonna be different to Pathfax I want pretty much so far. They've changed up how they be uniques
[02:02:15] Holy shit. The fuck was that? I just got dinked. My defense aren't even that bad. I mean, I guess it's not that much armor. Just getting nearly one shot there. Did I stun? Or no, it was a stun, but was that a, um, crit? I died if it weren't for this. Just slow movement is cocking me. Oh, yeah. The monkey anthos. He's doing that. No, I don't know about that, Reaper.
[02:03:58] I don't think there's enough. I don't think so, but we'll see. I said that, yeah, damn, it would be really good. On like a new character or whatever, but it's still just an event league. I'm taking it easy. I'm just starting to get chunked. Update my defense. But what, just get more armor? I don't really know. Drew two levels is indeed two levels. It's nuts. What did you do about the spirit, though?
[02:05:26] Get spirit on the ambit, I guess. I want to just go, like, what do you drop? Gloves, I guess. Don't really get corrupted gloves. Taxpack is one div on AC trade. Only one of these is. It's honestly not too bad. It makes sense, you know. AC trade is SF lite. Oh, block too. Is there any more block? London has the worst connection. Isn't it called the London servers? Oh, it just has bad internet.
[02:07:18] Yeah. I can believe. All right. I was going for this. Hmm. Recovery. Oh, my goodness. What is that damage? Armor's fine. It's so good. PS damage. Whoa. Divine Orb. Holy shit. My goddamn box. Oh, no. I'm paranoid now. Opening every box I come across. Kind of by the backwards. Honestly, maybe I should. Yeah. I'm not getting any support gems. I need support gems right now.
[02:14:43] i feel like packs would just go down price though there's no way it's gonna get more expensive are you an ac by chance or something how would you know the price holy what the additional projectiles like a shotgun my rare oh my goodness and real sketchy it's not quality ever cries it will kill me okay it will kill me the current set up anyway i've never gotten this far why can't i get out of this
[02:16:42] i can get out of it that way i guess i need to upgrade my weapon man real bad all right and with axe yeah but i want to spam the war cry yeah i want to spam it what i'll probably do is i'll spam seismic cry i don't have i don't have a weapon i don't know maybe i should wait see okay now we go to four wait what deserted post
[02:19:00] All right, let's go here. Hey, I got the endgame, though, in the hardcore. I've done it. It's the first time I've ever gotten the endgame in hardcore, I think.
[02:19:55] I don't have no support gems. Like genuinely, I'm just not picking up support gems at all. I'm about to buy them. I haven't picked up a single tier 5 support gem. Love your poison poop build before the weapon swap with unique boots. Before the weapon swap. Yeah, you're talking about firefighter, right? Yeah, I know. I love it too. FTA, like, it's my end and leak build for sure. Feels so smooth and works super well.
[02:21:41] i'm glad you like it it's five divines though opm where'd you get the one divine from it'll go down of course i don't know about zero button but it's one button yeah technically it can be played zero but it's a lot slower more like mid max aoe and just wait for your poison to naturally spread is someone selling it on here right why why what why
[02:23:22] Why is there a guy doing this? Has he not figured out how to use the trade system? Is he free to play maybe? Does that matter? I don't think that matters. You still have currency exchange. I think I do want to buy this one. There's none. Oh, is it a gold thing? You know what I'm going to do? Flip it. Oh, anyway. I don't think it's going to sell. Parker makes everything. The thought of doing maps is terrifying. Fine.
[02:26:10] like the red veil back home the five levels to go before i can even just packs packed it's only leveled yeah this clear is pretty tragic i'm playing so careful and slow i even remove speed then i get rid of this shitty helmet helmet gently holding it back i need to have range
[02:30:25] what i do i think what i'll do is i'll have seismic cry which has range and i'll just have fortifying cry going automatically on the side and with packs packed and i really don't want to get close to today anyway i actually don't i'm just terrified and i just want to like do this like seismic cry from range having two war cries going at the same time would be sick i just don't want to get in there everyone's happening over there needs to continue happening over there
[02:32:12] Why is deliberate 14% of that on that rare mob? Wait, what? Why is it 14% of that rare mob? I like some weird buff effects or something. Oh, fuck. Hey, yeah, not standing there. Fallen would go hard. Yeah. I do want to check. This gives me 150 spirit, which means so I lose two totems. Damn.
[02:33:38] I got from four to two totems. Maybe that's fine. My Warcry does so much damage. I don't have three divines, though. I'm surprised the guy's swelling already, though. Okay, we need to buy support gems. Like, genuinely, I just don't have any support gems I'm dropping. Like, I looked for those bugs or something. National Projection. Is it doing this? That's kind of crazy.
[02:35:27] Dealer would love to spam fortifying and just have a seismic swap, but unfortunately fortifying is the only way I can scale. I might use astral instead of plus one. Save that. Play safer. Yeah, I think you're right. I just don't feel tanky at all. I'm looking at Noogie. Obviously he's got, you know, character now.
[02:37:16] He's got like 7k energy shield like fuck I would love that Love that I'm definitely thinking of just going all-in on the war cry at that point while I'm playing war bear. Oh, I don't know I guess I can start it I guess this I don't have two When do I have I kind of a lot of money and mace Let's go pike pick pick that one. Let's go mace Wow, this one's actually really good
[02:39:29] Wow, it can go so high too. Shit, Sadie's Mercy is just a really good weapon. Who's this skill do?
[02:40:04] It's just a really good weapon. Genuinely, it's insane. I'm gonna try something. There's no way this works. I'm pretty sure this will not work. Disable Magnum Barrier. We have this. Alright, we want Vitality as well. We'll lose that. It does delete two of them. Yeah, that's pretty cool, Copian. No, I mean this skill. Harbinger Madness. Not the Grueling Madness. Wait, I can just... No, you can't. I can ult click.
[02:42:32] Those are the latent fears of enemies you kill and very unique enemies you hit to end with unstable operation. It's a buff. I guess that doesn't work for the totem. I don't think so. Just five exalts. And it's got an open suffix. Or prefix. And it's attack speed. 62 though. And it's worse. Oh no, it has higher base. Attack speed's lower though. I mean, it doesn't matter. I won't have that weapon equipped, Copium. It will only be on my totem, pretty much.
[02:44:33] If my totem kills, then that's good. I don't- I don't know if that buff is active on the totem. I don't- I don't know how that would work. Maybe? Probably not. This one's good. This is honestly cheap. Nice speed. I need to update my LRWR guide, apparently, because I can't have more than one of that, like, so I'm pretty sure what- Okay. Speaking. The maps are gone.
[02:46:50] i'm worried what might have happened to kings i'll meet you there it's all right it's it's i wouldn't uh it's definitely not i wouldn't call a league you know i'm playing hardcore to spice things up like the league is you know big i guess i'm not copium this will do i'm gonna okay no no i refuse i will never use infernal there's no point to use infernal
[02:48:10] But I'll be using though. How can I spam it? I don't think I can. I can't spam it because I won't be moving fast enough. What I'll do is I need to use Fortify and Cry because that's the only thing that scales, right? I have an idea. Ooh, I could use Seismic actually. I don't have to use Fortify and Cry. I could spam. This is plus two though. How many plus levels do I have on this right now? Plus two. Only plus two.
[02:49:15] i'm not level 65 though so i can't use pax pack seismic cry is better than if i can't use fortify i will be using for the new league is like there's shrines in every map wildwood shrines yeah it's okay i guess i don't see that the campaign was interesting i wanted to move past anyone boss at the boss of the boss play the game fine
[02:51:29] i i i would definitely wait if as like a you know a player who's already played the game i don't think it's just like a pretty good reason to come back to play it again just to save your next time and i can do that from range is nice i can constantly knock him back too i also feel like i'm getting so much little xp i think it's just because i'm going slow and yeah i think it's just because i'm just playing pretty slowly getting off there that he's it makes a blackboard
[02:56:17] Looking like a black vortex now when I summon a totem. Jesus. Interesting gloves, actually. These gloves are actually kind of good. 100% more damage, basically. We're going to take this.
[03:00:05] swap these two packs pack was so hard here war cry is currently 16. i only got one map from that damage boost decent damage boost i might do the tube totem setup i don't know we'll see pretty min max war cries we just need level up at this point one packs pack but i need levels for that so maybe we need the armor break from range
[03:04:30] I'm not doing that, Copium. I'm not transitioning to 2H. First of all, I'm using a Scepter, so I have no plus levels. You can't get plus levels on a Scepter. I will probably replace this, but nonetheless, you can't. I don't want to go Giant's Blood, because Giant's Blood is half life from strength. In Hardcore, that's just too rough. It's a lot better now. I think I should get some more XP out of this map or something.
[03:07:37] It's ridiculous that little XP I'm getting. This animation is sick. My lighting resist is bad. Oh, currently my fire rest is kind of propped up. I'm sure they're fire though. Yeah, I heard. You can basically just permanently have your instance up and anyone can get your 4th SNC. Poses from Trial of Chaos. Holy shit, that can do damage.
[03:12:41] Shit, those guys hit so hard. Having packs back right now would be so nice. Doing some range is nice. But, like, every time totems have been in the game, it's cause your game to lag at some point. Except in the beginning, I don't know. There's always some guy having an issue with totems. Oh, this guy. This can always give me permanent rage, which is good. Blood. This guy's so tanky. That's bad. That's bad.
[03:21:07] The lag is really a vibe killer. Shit. What is this bug? Why is my totem casting Forcry animations? Like, what the? Looks badass, but at the same time, it's just so distracting. Let's try and do this. What is even going on? Oh, that was never on set one. Ooh. Who knows? The compounding skill effects of fortifying and seismic. See, now it's fine. If I start casting...
[03:22:09] All of a sudden, they start casting it, too. Oh, has someone done that in hardcore now? Oh, they don't exist. I mean, they did. Hopefully, when I get Corrupting Cry, Pax Pact going, it will solve some of the issue. But, jeez, that, you know, rough. It's just so funny, though, because, like, pretty much every single season, totems have had some sort of FPS killer. It's not even funny. Or some visual artifacting or something. It's just...
[03:23:37] jeez they just can't get totems right get some uh drink no way am i rich am i rich did i just sell what i think i did oh my all right yeah so i don't know if i i don't think i invest in swallowing yet i don't have enough block chance to get anything out of swallowing yet and i want a good swollen right i don't want a bad stolen you need i mean it's good but you need i want to cap my block chance is 50 percent
[03:29:14] And you want a Svalon that doesn't let you take damage when you get hit. Or at least not much. Myth of Kitab with Warcries and Animate Weapon. You have a vivid imagination. Yeah, so the reason I can summon Social Boyer Totems is because of this keystone here. My Social Bond. No charge or primary for placing totems. Totems reserve 75 Spirit instead. That's why I'm using Scepters so that I can summon them by using my Spirit.
[03:30:18] Don't know why I can't save that sure. I think I just saved that currency I figured my this weapon or like the really good weapon was it called really madness This thing say this mercy or divines is way too expensive though. It's a bad role to This thing is just nuts early on get much better than this one Even this thing is insane. Well, I'm gonna get a better helmet. Do I buy a better helmet though?
[03:31:36] How much money do we have? Ooh, that's gonna cost. Oh, it's already not a terrible item. Can I use this on this? I can. Oh yeah, Masquerie? Glad it's working out. I know that my... I keep saying this every time someone mentions it, but the leveling sections for the Concussed Titan aren't bad, right?
[03:32:44] But, uh, I mean, I did it on League Star, then. Similar. Ooh, Cold Res. Fair enough, Masquerade, yeah. You kind of have to do some filling the Blacks there. Well, so far, I have been Copium. Any resistances? Great. We can do those. Gems. Security of Fire. Fill all these things we can have active. Yeah, I'll do two. All we want. Decision, for sure. Yo, Fabio, what's up?
[03:34:18] Yeah, the blue moon. I stream every blue moon in Path of Exile. I'll have some. Fair enough, I guess. Well, you have other shit going on. I don't. I'm gonna have to use this for now. Nah, I'm gonna get out. I'm not greedy. That's good. Templism. Templism here. Accuracy. Yeah, I think that this should go up quite a bit now. Yeah, it's always active. Keep this out.
[03:36:29] Yeah, that's perfect. Solves accuracy problem. Oh, Fabi, you would have loved... I don't know how you're much into exercising and stuff. I mean, you are into exercising, right? But... Yesterday, I was a part of... Schist Jägerlöfer. I don't know if you've heard of it. It's organized by Midlifteedlet. And honestly, Honestead, the most fun race I've ever been a part of. Genuinely. It's complete dog shit weather. Like, pouring, like, pissing down. Like, really windy.
[03:38:17] But, still, I enjoyed it. Those obstacles, like, the obstacles you have to go through are much more extreme as well than I thought. Especially during bad weather. And I was also the first in my, like, group, I guess. Like, company. I don't really know my time or anything yet. If they even track that stuff. Probably I need to sign up with my email. I forget that. Also, what surprised me, I didn't really know what it was going to be like.
[03:39:29] It was like crawling on their stuff and going through caves. That was kind of expected. But like the third obstacle was like, okay, cross this lake stream. It goes up to your head, you know? Oh, okay. Alright. At that point, I was like trying to jump over puddles and maneuver around muddy areas. And all of a sudden, yeah, you're going straight in the water.
[03:39:55] and all of a sudden, yeah, you're going straight in the water. And after that, I was like, oh, I don't even care anymore about jumping in the puddles. But, like, getting sucked in by... Yeah, I felt tough. I definitely felt tough. What's next? I don't know about that one, Bobby. I don't know about that one. It's still hurting. It was fun, though. Because, I don't know about, like, just... I guess running through the mountains was also quite a bit of fun. You know, having to, like, maneuver around rocks. You know, okay, how...
[03:41:34] I want to pick up the pace. Where do I have to step? Make sure my foot doesn't cave in. But we still have 7km too, which was also surprising. Did not feel like it, surprisingly. Even though I'd be way more exhausted doing this than doing, you know, a normal 10km. But I guess you don't really keep pace like you would in a 10km. You have to take breaks sometimes, especially when you're going uphill. That could be worth something.
[03:43:20] One more level and we can equip Pax Pax. Oh wait, Debilitate is its own move speed slow, isn't it? Oh. It makes shit super slow. Oh, fuck me. I knew you had an anchor move, but I was not ready for it. It was sponsored by work, yeah. So it was with my team. I don't think, I don't know if I could even do it. I guess you could do it individually, but yeah, it was with my company. We were like 10 people, I think, something like that. 10 year friendship anniversary on Discord. Damn.
[03:45:19] Oh nice Wait, gold? No, that's not the helmet I thought it was. I don't need this. I wonder if this is worth something. It's a cool item though. I know, yeah. Didn't we have discord during the beta days? Pretty sure either. I've not got a single tier 2 yet. There's shit on my screen. They actually positioned my tones a bit better.
[03:51:42] Right? Wait, what? I don't have packs packed yet. I don't have any levels. I have no levels. Yeah, you're 100% right. The Warcry damage is not even going to be close to anything Gemling can achieve. This is not really my main focus, right? Just the plus two levels from Gemling is like more than anything this Ascendancy can do for Grumping Briar, right? It wants your packs packed anyway. I like playing hardcore, but I don't say I like playing hardcore, but I am playing hardcore.
[03:53:41] I like living in hardcore, right? So... This Ascendancy is a bit better for that. The gemlings version is just, like, giga-juiced now. After the... We got plus two levels for free. Match. It's honestly insane. There we go, level 65. Fuck that. I'm going for this. I think I'm going for a dual socket. I'm not sure what to go for now. I was going for something on the side here. And I had to have it. Fuck.
[03:55:41] this is my block hey better shield packs pack time i'm gonna do this this this the setup there and interludes now we go so this is pretty good anymore one see how that goes i guess i don't have a fragment
[04:00:05] Now, here's the question. Why can't we get a plus four weapon? What? It doesn't exist? Opium, are you explaining this to me? You do realize I made the Fortify and Cry build lastly, right? I know how it works. Did you not see my build lastly? You keep coming in here to explain stuff that I know. I appreciate it, I guess, but no, honestly, I don't appreciate it.
[04:01:17] i understand how it works thanks i agree yes it's very hard you can't go back once you uh figure that out or see this builds a bit different you can have to i should see how it is just this i want to go this right away all right we wanted something else on our seismic find a way forward go rage or we go something else go rage i think we should go raging right that does not add a multiple
[04:03:24] Regen was my HP rate. We have two war cries going at the same time. Yeah, it's working alright. I'm surprised how well it's working with like no scaling. Shit. The last save right now too though. The lag went down as well because I'm not using the war cries much. I think. Is there something? How lag works? And I'm full of rage all the time. I'm literally from a rage. What does that mean?
[04:06:44] I was being full rage mean like 1% increased armor. Yeah Four points for that four points with 30% There's gonna be a beast So the boss, you know solar ammo down these expensive It's not so much many gym cars They'll only tier one man. This guy can fuck man. We're tanky. I'm working though. I can say little buttons though It's not as good as I thought it would be
[04:16:38] Normal crit don't work on thorns, gotta be global. Uh, unsure about that one, Chief. I know that, um, thorns is decent, but the problem is delivery mechanism is spanky. There's some theories going around, though, that you can do a mana stacker, eventually, uh, with, um, so you have this node here, which gives you six base crit on thorns, which is pretty good, but, uh, with the swords. Because Cyclone will allow you to use
[04:17:17] both a strike and a aoe skill or a strike yeah both the strike and aoe skill which gives you the lighting i don't know about the copter and we're back to doing this essence is pretty good i guess early mine is good as well i've gotten this shield like so many times four times
[04:20:08] one maps i need tier two and every proc of fortifying exposed corpses i didn't know that maybe two totems is enough like you also lose the b gem oh we got 215 gem bye let's get two map nice progressing deceptive beauty i don't want to do shrine because i just want aggressive i hope i didn't scare up pokemon tv it's going to be rude but same time
[04:29:26] is this ssf friendly yeah this building i'm playing now is except for pax pack you don't need it like it's doing too much right it's it's nice but gemling is not ssf i'm gonna play a pure warcry build no but this like totem warcry hybrid yeah i have no uniques nothing like stuff i picked up i think pretty other than my helmets i think everything i found myself oh i guess this weapon
[04:30:22] Oh, and of course. Packs packed. This is SSF friendly for sure. You can get this easily in SSF. It's just maybe not as early as I have it now. Break armor. Holy shit, I'm just pushing everything away. What's the depth? Should I do that? Five totems. Five totems? How is that even possible? Am I bugging the game? I can have five totems. Why? Huh?
[04:39:07] Lucy can always go one over max if you weapon swap by the time the totem summons. That is very interesting. Huh. Wait, no, I guess. Oh, no. What? That means I can have three totems always. The other setup. It's not even that bad. It's not even that bad. Very intriguing. Yes.
[04:39:55] yes yeah i can have three totems interesting very interesting okay positive bug you very interesting but very interesting oh man that crit options united ground got that now let's get damage is it only fortifying cry it's only fortifying cry it's so weird
[04:52:21] that's why it doesn't lag as much anymore now that's nice i'm not using as much you didn't want this and i need some lunch actually what okay apparently each echo heals you wow that's very interesting actually it's not a good life you can get that on the helmets
[05:01:37] going for now one two three i do this gin barrier that's a real question so cold press cap this hits against your reduced critical damage that's that basically makes me immune to no base crit copy and gems content coming soon we're getting dangerously close to arbiter we're doing quest one of the arbiter yeah because i want to hit level 90. i mean abyss takes like no time what do you mean
[05:06:35] You can do any mechanic you want without doing the main mechanic. Like what? Yeah, you can just do whatever order you want. Abyss allows me to craft really easily. We're going hard now. Don't drop your pens. Yeah, it was good. Good times then, good times now. These are so big now. All the time. Boy, what? Okay, it's definitely not an Amahou.
[05:12:21] That one's good. Maybe it's the other one that gives currency or something. I've gotten two lightless voids now. I mean, the lightless void makes sense, right? Because it's like, the guy does the shrouding. It makes total sense. Shrek boss belongs to Kurgle. Like, what kind of preference do people have on this? I don't even know what's better. I feel like there's some currency. But like, any currency? Like, if you want the vines, I guess.
[05:14:16] Oh, it's if you want the boxes to be siren freaked you out. The reason we had to go to the hospital yesterday with the fever that Saint had turned out he caught the virus that Chloe has. Jesus, he's been dealing with us for like weeks now, it feels. I think I caught it too now. We meet old men all the time. What's happening? The third in a row.
[05:27:07] fix me up do i need a coffee is that it do we just need a coffee and we're like pumping hot cup of java but is it even java anymore like where is java just a coffee bean sword where does this like hot cup of java come from i want to know what i literally ask you don't want to know what the there's nothing there's nothing i would want to know more in my life right now if you guys want to know
[05:28:41] if you guys keep this up chat oh finally delirium passive point i love gaming played magic for the last two days now it's time for our poe grind oh what build are you going with and why is it a spore monk if coffee tastes bitter it's because it's either been roasted too hard or it's mainly because it's been roasted too hard or depending on how it's been prepared mainly to do with a too hot of a roast like too dark of a roast like
[05:30:20] so the whole like the whole like the whole like poo thing i think that has to do with how it is like it's like a form of fermentation i mean the way you develop flavor in coffee is through fermentation yes i'm eating sort of pt you are watching uh oh i know you didn't watch i don't know if they're loads to get what the animal is called
[05:31:26] It's like, it's right on my tongue. What is this? Oh my god, it's the explorers. What the hell? What is going on there? What is this? I just call it community, you know? Community building. I'm cogging. No, I want to see the boss fight. GGG! Can I see the game? Plague Link? That was another boss.
[05:32:36] Okay, now we're doing the ritual. There's another boss there. Oh, yes, I can see it That was a good transition Okay, it's coming. It's coming big loot explosion. Here we go. Oh my god a heavy belt wait Is that a hit hunter? Damn, that looks juicy. Is that so ramps free?
[05:33:41] This is a decent amount of changes, content, but I would say... Unless you didn't play 0.5, then tuning in now is that exciting. That's a move. You shouldn't even pretend like that, GGG. If you didn't play in 0.5, then... How much rarity are you on? I don't think it would be a fixed trial of Chaos, but I'm on like 50. No f***ing way, what?
[05:34:20] No way the timing Oh wow, yeah, then yeah, then there's plenty of stuff for you I'm gonna come back in now
[05:34:54] And then I die. And then I die in the middle of explaining how if you get hit, then I should have more evasion than I have. Okay, well, according to my calculations, right, if I be going at this pace, I will be done with the campaign in less than five hours. I'm getting owned! No way. Okay, this is winnable. I just have to...
[05:35:31] Two ancient guardians are ancient guardians I'm just Wow projectile has a hitbox. I had no idea. I thought just the place is in the ground Whoa 20 million
[05:36:18] That's true. I'm scared of Macos. I don't have time to play anymore.
[05:37:10] Because Jamantha's a little bit- What? This early? This was a lot easier. Divine! Guys, look at that. Is that good?
[05:38:02] I've seen a tweet where someone basically... Wait. Wait. Okay, let me get you guys. Oh, the fight's bugged. Wait, the fight is bugged and you guys are dead. I can't res you. There's like laser beams on your corpses. Yeah, dude, I can't even res you, boys. Sorry.
[05:38:33] Yeah, they're literally laser beams on your corpses Wait, I just died when going through the portal? What? That gives me deja vu. I feel like that happened last night
[05:39:19] Damn! Vendorvet? Okay. I'm so sorry.
[05:39:57] How was that clip in there? Actually dying to Arbiter. Wow. That's a first. Alright. See ya Rams.
[05:41:38] Thanks for tuning in. And we're back. Damn, why is everyone working on Sunday? The boss too. Is there him? Pretty safe. The boss can't even touch me. Interrupt nothing. Open the wrist for me. No worries, Bojangles. Yeah, the belt has a rune in it that gives you spirit. You just gotta make sure to have 100%. You want 99 maximum.
[05:52:43] uh for the belt i think 90 is more than enough as well but keep in mind that you might have to drop ice armor or frost armor whatever it's called uh because now you want soul cores in your weapon it gives plus one to war cry skills and plus one to nova skills look out for those because they're pretty cheap i think i don't know if i'm on hardcore so i don't know if i can see them but this one
[05:53:29] Very good for the build. It's like a giga buff. Like genuinely a mega buff. Whoa, that's not bad shield. CC9 I don't like having Bryce on the shield. I want like PR. Boom hybrid. Thorns. I definitely gained. Lost. Where does he get armor applies to? Great question, Reaper. Great question. Water. Let me change. Oh my god, wait. Was I...
[05:56:25] I haven't sure a streamer. What you can do? Black screen is... See? Shit. Not a bad ring. It's an XL exchange approach. This is all the updates. Okay, and then we want... General... Press check. Hardcore. Oh, is this the wrong... League? Not Runes of Aldor, is it? Hold. Find. But I found my Peewee 2 cat.
[05:59:57] i found my peewee 2 character watch niggy do just one divine on hardcore seriously hold that i check the actual price hmm alt six in plays around this it just doesn't even have chaos resistance what i understand what similar to this okay what's new one is bound to buy that i'm using this i didn't have mana
[06:05:01] i can get life that's expensive seems like a good deal there is no loot factor for uh sbl rock i don't make loot filters for any of my builds uh personally i don't think it should be an expectation but i guess other creators have set that expectation which is fine but i i won't
[06:05:47] at it that is too too much preference too much can go wrong i can't i don't want to update all my filters and stuff you know there's no filter for it if you want to make have it like a filter that works through the campaign then i recommend uh just taking going filterblade.com or yeah and then making warrior with armor gear but taking staffs instead of maces okay
[06:07:54] this is what i'm gonna do i'll show you how to do it oh no i do not have filter but actually wait a second okay i don't know if i'd recommend that one but those spl rock those are my filters those are the filters that my i currently have on my account right
[06:08:58] But, I mean, I'm currently using a different one. I'm using Never Sync, yeah. But I'm using HC Warbringer. This one. It's all Never Sync. I just recommend you have staff, you know, quarter staff. You too, Esporok. Enjoy the build. Sit on the boss. Omen of lights dropping like crazy? Seriously? I haven't gotten far enough into the campaign or into any game, right? Still on Tier 2 maps, you know?
[06:13:47] cage oh that would i wonder if this is what you use on flicker yeah i think they fixed they definitely fixed something as well with the they fixed something with chests and i'll actually drop stuff because i'm getting like you can like you can actually drop stuff from the chest now for you like you got some random bears maybe some currency but you never got the abyss currency for some reason it was bugged this entire time i could be wrong wrong that's just my guess
[06:15:28] Little divine orbs. Can I get the weapon? Sadist Mercy. I think it's just that one that exists. Oh, wait. This one's actually way better than the other one. It's still pretty quick. Should I buy it? Four divines, though. Deesh. And it's five grueling madness and hit. Fuck it. I don't know if it's worth it, but... That's how I'm going to spend my currency on. So much grit on this thing. Actually, disgusting. Oh, I'm getting soccer stuff and scepters, too. With strength.
[06:17:22] just go with damage right wrong with damage done build up hmm could be fun by it's you fill that in as soon as i can that was all my exalts okay oh greater jewelers orb gotta use that on sure i don't think the fire and cold is enough to matter you just go brutality solid one know what i have in my pressing fissures there's no brutality bleed
[06:19:00] bleed okay yeah bleeds actually probably dead all they inflict incision right both of those actually i would like might have to i wonder what i'd go for maybe i go for a shattering blow as my noit your guilt guilt
[06:20:02] I don't need these three and 10% more on a jewel. And I have 100% armor break. Didn't drop any. Oh, yeah. I can feel the power from these now. Oh, shit. My totems are absolutely ripping. Damn, he's so slow. If I slow him, he just goes. Increased armor evasion and increased pile. That cast my block. Chibia. Chibba. I don't need that.
[06:28:30] Let me get a level. Oh, I am a level. Chaos, shot ground. That's fine. You know what? I want to do a gym barrier. What do we do? Trial of Chaos. Yeah, that's pretty crazy. One of lights. I should guess I should use mine then. That's good. That's good. That's better. I have no honor resistance. Oh, he's going to suck, but two holies are terrible. We're going to the fourth. I'm good. Hey, Banzi, what's up? I'm good.
[06:35:20] a bit broken like body physically after doing a seven kilometer obstacle course race yesterday but it was a lot of fun so worth and um once i beat the campaign on hardcore so crap depressing build has had some ups and downs but feeling pretty good now i mean i don't work out or anything like that the only thing i do is cycle to work
[06:36:07] And join the odd events and stuff. Oh, I play football as well. I don't go to the gym. Yeah, I hear that. I mean, so far, there's a lot of protections now. You know? Cross my fingers, touch wood. I thought this league is, like, too exciting when it comes to changing and stuff, so I thought I'd mix it up, right? Hardcore. Decent damage. What weapon was for Divine?
[06:37:40] Very good things disgusting you want monsters do less than I Would it should we gone for the maximum on what this? Terrible, that's pretty terrible. It's not in the world We got Brian crystal, so it's just like plus one minus one
[06:40:15] Would love to go here. She has something gives me How many choices? How is this though? That will ramp. You can't get much. That's whatever. No, Chris. No. But. Kind of. Let me show my screen. So if you do exclamation mark build, the one at the top, that's the...
[06:45:37] what I'm playing but it's currently not updated. This is- a lot of this stuff is old from previous seasons and doesn't work anymore, right? What I'll do is I'll do import. That's my current character if you want to look at that. You can also just check my stream for what I did. You know, just check my VODs if you want. I'll eventually update this. Yeah.
[06:46:46] and you know of course ask me questions it's there it's like the leveling is similar but it definitely deviates after like i don't know level 30. this build won't be until 1.1 i never played the new class when it first releases let's rename this warbringer i definitely need to work on the guide bless one of those things where you know i can't work on the guide and
[06:48:34] play at the same time. And I'm not like other content creators where I have like a pre-made something that I've already tested. I don't like making guides for something I haven't, you know, played yet, basically. I've already deviated a lot from what I initially played. And this is hardcore, which means I've made a couple decisions that I probably wouldn't normally. Is Bladefall in the game? I don't think a class is Bladefall. Why do I just insta-stun the mob?
[06:50:02] hey the damage is definitely cracked now that weapon just goes so hard i have like no multi on the tree too it's coming with duelists okay the blade fall was a spell that's pretty good damage you can damage i think i can do that with a unique which is like dirt cheap relatively cheap i'm sure it's cheaper than soft core sounds good
[06:51:32] Ooh, that could be good as well. Okay, I think I'm gonna go for this, into this. Go for this, perfect. Oh my goodness, so up. Oh, yeah, I guess, okay. Yeah, I mean, sure. I guess, in a way, that is blade ball. It puts in lingering blades, you know? But they've changed up how lingering blades work, right? But you're not wrong. Superior silver royal cash. Oh, shit.
[06:52:47] let me go for the rally yeah i mean to be fair if you think about it banzi suppressing fire isn't that what you want i mean suppressing fire also has a cooldown but it's a bit more reminiscent reminiscent because it uh it shoots three times rains down three times just kind of like unleash no it isn't it's like an actual build bansky you seen that yeah yeah check out calterac or crouching tuna i think made a build as well
[06:53:38] I'm playing so many of these, by the way, the time trials. I know it's random, but still. I love them. Uber bosses. What are uber bosses? There's no such thing as uber bosses in B2. Alright, Chris. Yeah, if you like totems, just covering the screen with totems and exploding everything, then this is the build.
[06:55:48] And like Cropting Cry, Spice. Yeah, exactly. That's what I was saying, Bansley. Ooh, damn, that's rough. Should I do this? Just because I'm like right next to the boss anyway. Oh no, crap. Okay. Wait, I have... Wait a second. No, I should have done that. I should have done that. You know why? No. Oh no, never mind. I used that one up already.
[06:57:45] I thought I had a boon that converted the next affliction into a boon instead. But that was what we used up. That's good. All these are insane. Moonspeed. I feel like I'm already going to want something. Yeah, choking is, yep, you can easily, especially in the fourth area, that's where, like, chicken goes south quick. Okay, looks like we're fine.
[07:01:32] honestly with this kind of damage i'm feeling i'm genuinely feeling uh i mean five totems is nice but i feel like i can get pretty far with just three we have a weapon swap ascended that was easy now here's the question i go for wooden wall or jade heritage i feel like wooden wall is better it prints all damage right it hits it heritage gives you you know base pdr which is can be really good which gives you like a massive shield you know
[07:02:40] I don't think I have enough health. We can go, you know, Renly's training for block. I think I wouldn't well. Is that conist? Is that just currency? New boots. Who said it was good for warrior leveling? Balrog bear is solid for warrior leveling. Yeah. There's other variations out there. You got concussed titan uses quarterstaffs. My current build uses maces early on into totems.
[07:05:26] then immensely war cries i don't have a guide for the leveling though or do i or not update that anyway 13 items identified let's see here it's decent oh that thing's good pretty good one point off here 10 chance days hit ow i'll play concussive titan that jewel is
[07:09:44] yeah bowerbear is very much still variable yep i even made some updates to it uh recently i should probably remove that text honestly as much as it informs people the video is a tiny bit outdated right the video is outdated but the actual guide itself so i don't need that it's good to be it's good to inform people the problem is like most people don't understand what that means you know yeah very good there's several people playing it in chat and stuff
[07:10:36] before i chat i'm in a position where i can make like a day day three kind of update video for this oh that is the boss yeah once i equip this weapon damn the totems have been destroying i'm wondering if i should swap out oh swap out some uh my scepters though put a shield here and then and have like a mace here with levels for my war cries i'm wondering it could be good
[07:13:28] The problem is I lose out on two totems though. Maybe I have enough totems already. My damage is insane. These are low tier maps though. Oh, thank you so much for the prime. Appreciate it. Oh, you can take the jewel socket. Going for something else. Ah, yes. Oh, wait. No, I need to do that ritual. Where is it? Eh, fuck this map. I failed to join instance. See you now, Chris. Okay. I got work tomorrow, but...
[07:14:54] i'll try and update the guide eventually but you can just follow my character you know i'm people ninja or check out my what i did in my stream right i one i would want to say one thing frizz is that there's a bug right this bug right now where i use fortifying cry okay actually how i okay well you see when i summon my totem you see how like it does the same animation
[07:15:22] as fortifying cry right it like pulls in the air it's hard to explain but you see how it has like that little effect right it's not supposed to do that i have no idea why it's doing that it's not supposed to it doesn't do that with other war cries it only does it with this one if i use fortifying cry enough i take out these two i keep spamming this and then start something you see how it like it starts creating an even bigger effect like every time i use this war cry
[07:15:58] It causes a bigger and bigger effect. You can look at my FPS at the top of my screen. It starts like... It's super weird. It's like a... It's weird. It's a weird bug. But once you put in Echo and Cry, you're only using this War Cry like every four seconds, give or take. So it doesn't really get that bad. And it resets every time you go to a new zone. But just beware, right? It will lose some FPS.
[07:16:33] unfortunately it's only fortifying cry all the other war cries i i have no idea why it does that it's just the weirdest interaction ever no that's not what i wanted to do minus one belt uh so blood of the warrior is terrible you i would not recommend that one because it blood of the warrior gives you very little life regen for your flasks okay hmm no i wouldn't use blood of the warrior it doesn't really do anything for the build
[07:18:23] And as for Shiabia, Shiabia is good. It's actually used in the very uber endgame. You're actually using Shibia. Because you... Well, the only reason I added there is because it just makes that the totem that you put down to break armor faster. That's the only reason, though. The mace doesn't really matter much. But I do recommend it. And Shibia is really good early, too. No, the uber endgame. So the actual endgame endgame. I recommend that weapon.
[07:19:39] The reason it's not in the end game is because you want a weapon for Forge Hammer. Because Forge Hammer is a much stronger fissure than Fury of the Mountain. You can hold on to it, right? As long as it's better than whatever...
[07:19:55] You can hold on to it, right? As long as it's better than whatever mace you have, it's fine. This is a Warcry Warbringer. Ancestral Warrior totem. You put down totems that put down Earth Shatter. Then you explode those Earth Shatters by spamming Seismic Cry or using Fortifying Cry, which kills stuff passively with Corrupting Cry. You combo this stuff by... You also apply Crit Weakness, so your totems crit more whenever you Warcry something.
[07:21:26] You heal whenever you warcry and spam warcries. You explode stuff when you warcry. It's pretty nice. Oh, do I actually have to go up to a bitch world? Is there no button for this? Njolnir. Ooh, with plus four. Do you want that in hardcore, though? All right, there's one on the auction house. What? I don't have enough? You're joking. Well...
[07:24:37] Oh, the Uber is, like, really early. I called the Uber, but honestly, for the Malrog, you swap the Uber the moment you get the weapon. And the weapon you get right away. It's, like, your first item you want to push for, so... You'll be there pretty quick. Waystone 5? Oh, no. Yeah, the weapon should be pretty cheap. Five of these? Wow. It's a quest item. Animes. Damn, there's just none of these. They're so rare. This is an eye-level thing? I want something like this, but...
[07:32:57] maybe break armor easy shattering blow just seems mandatory not too bad this is my kind of place i didn't lose hp i just gained hp
[07:40:33] Using armor. Oh wait, do I have? These are at a low tier. Did I give me? No. I can get life. Ooh, tier 5. There's that thing down there. My loot! My escape. Boom, boom, boom. More bears in here. Because bears is all that matters. You go for essence as well. Or you have access to this. Shit. Ooh, that thing is not too bad. I'll have to get an upgrade. These foods are... Oh, shit.
[07:49:37] let's see if we can buy one of these still doesn't exist like armor for like life and these are solid pretty good not too bad nice with this light and cold res i still have enough with the shield oh that's a good item it's on six or higher i think we go i have to go to the right not that far out from these
[07:55:31] Let me quit, Shansky. Kill hard too, dude. I actually got 5 additional destruction. Higher level this one is.
[08:00:18] it's ignite duration that's freeze duration increase momentum is good this is good herbalism oh my god you 100 i don't think this works at all i just do what 84 well all right we're just gonna go one-blooded i guess what's the shock what is it less shock patient losing these two are gonna suck with it we should get the total every time 80 increased armor 40 increase block nice
[08:08:46] What's its name? Tony. Tony the turtle. Sea turtle. I think it's sea turtle-y. I'm late. Dinner soon. I think the chicken I had, like, out in my backpack just over the night didn't spoil. Not good. Technically, not bad. All flat damage. I think I have enough alchemists to keep doing. Is that a maximum chance to block? Is that a thing? No, play resistance.
[08:13:28] what's it going for now all right i'm going for that last time action rage is not bad this is what six eight 14 more damage oh oh it's still for 10x i should have expensive damn let's go down here that could have been bad i don't know what's just happened but i i stunned frozen uh basically yeah as juice kind of
[08:15:51] But I had, I already had like ideas of how stuff worked. I already had like, I wanted to use this incestive warrior totems with war prize. So I knew there was going to be a synergy there. I had an initial plan. But not like, oh my god, holy shit. What's that? Oh, I didn't take damage. I didn't actually take damage. I just got this shrine, which increased my HP. So it looked like I lost HP, but I just gained HP. It always spooks me.
[08:16:52] so basically i spam i have scepters in my hands have spirit and that's how you can summon totems or spirit you have the more totems you can have and each totem has earth shatter in it which is like these little spikes that it puts down i detonate those spikes with my war cries my war cries also explode corpses heal me give me some defense try corrupt the blood
[08:17:23] And apply critical weakness, which is basically more crit to my totems. Just increase the damage of my totems. Combo between totems and war cries. I should probably finish the tools. Pretty much tazus. The total, the actual minions, the little spirits to summon, they do nothing. They don't actually do anything. They're just like cosmetic. They buff as well. They're more like supports. The east totem summons them as like a part of my ascendancy, but they're not actually doing any damage.
[08:19:18] attack there's like two spirits there's one that you know the animals and there's one like dude that uses my face skill but still more stuff left
[08:19:56] Still more stuff left Ideally, I want to get this to power where I can just like walk around and this one war cry just bleeds everything to death You've seen the other build right or like clearing most things Totems is like bosses and tons of enemies still have only 15 awkward immersion I did all this useless to me take it as expected that cleared immediately, but I guess I get just there's more more Mars per
[08:24:05] Why reroll? Is Balrog War bad? I never rerolled. This was the build I played from the start. This season. I haven't played Balrog Bear since. I guess I played Titan version of Balrog Bear last season. I didn't reroll, but I didn't finish, I guess. Because I had other builds I wanted to do. I usually don't play the same build twice. Unless I'm doing a new version of it. Completely new build.
[08:25:55] Oh, no, it's not. Well, in a way it is, I guess. I want to do these shrines. What are they? Oh, I didn't see your message, Reaper. Sorry. All right. I might stream the week during the weekend. The week. I'm not sure about it yet. Probably. Probably do, you know, streams after eating. I don't have any plans. Have a good one. I got the explosions from the war part. I actually like doing a lot of work.
[08:28:32] they're like clear by themselves like do they they're just gonna go these are our supplies as expected i need to just do the higher tier maps at this point honestly i just need to do two fixes it's a bit scared regular last map of the road oh chill ground i don't know if i should even do these like i guess it's cool to kill lots of them i need to like invest into ritual yeah honestly that's what i should do i should be doing level up
[08:33:34] should i be picking up i think i think once i get like tier 5 and up tiered loot to pick it up but i feel like bears can go for pretty penny hc so little players here bots oh serve shards huh you don't get it i need to get where's my cool little you didn't have to be that high high level just i level 70. where are my omens i guess i am getting omens where's my good omens
[08:36:26] One max life. It's not missing out on the res, eh? I have a lot of res, I guess. Where do I get that res from? 100 life. 2,000, I mean. I need more crit chance. I need to go down here and get these. I actually go for both these. Ideally, I want them both global, right? Strength. All right, but that's going to be me for today. Thank you. Good. I'm going to have work tomorrow. And a... That's hello.
[08:39:15] hey see you guys probably tomorrow for you know shorter streams but the progress continues still alive hc level 74 i'm genuinely impressed we came this far i was feeling pretty good oh my gosh you actually have to do this for damn you have to do this for the challenge i had no idea what is this
[08:39:55] wait you have to take uniques from this ritual good to know i guess use omens wait if we use the one omen where you have to die i hope not i'll be nervous fully okay well siri the red queen come on that's evil what at ziri preparation what is that that bodark well we're going to have to go back to again to this okay let's see
[08:41:58] He's streaming right now. Negi again. Honestly, I'm afraid of anyone. GG. See you guys tomorrow.
