[00:01:35] did i get poisoned at least i don't have to be another resistances all right it's getting a bit too dangerous why i'm taking so much damage holy there's just this pool of chaos on the ground that's doing so much damage this looks like monkey i should probably do that first have something do i still have a map defense for my tones hey reaper welcome in
[00:09:09] Voice something stuck in there. That's good. No That's actually not bad if you want to farm tablets. I don't know don't do that Wow, we got another one already Because my MTX I don't know we're pilfering ring I guess skills The one for seismic cry is one could have a earth shatter effect like this would Okay, let's do it
[00:10:41] I wonder if that works. I have no idea if that should. Glad to hear that, Mangudra. Yeah, I know. It is fun. Sure. Simple playstyle. You know, it's just so satisfying. It definitely gets better the more you invest. But there's like... Ooh, my first red map. Ooh, that's a good helmet. Holy shit. Damn. I mean, shit. I mean, it's just better than what I have right now. Well, there's no armor on it, but I can maybe get armor.
[00:11:53] Holy shit, that's expensive. Rarity or armor. Ooh, I don't know what people rather want. Still AC, yeah. Still AC. Haven't died yet. Has some close calls. Ish. Getting slammed by monkeys, basically. Let's go armor. Rarity's cool and all, but fake. You know what isn't fake? Poor defense. Living. At the end of the day, living is more currency than rarity will ever give.
[00:12:59] Pirate armor. Oh my god. Holy shit. That thing's fucking nuts. Genuinely, like, I'm so up. Lose crit chance, which kind of sucks, but I think it's worth it for 200 life. In two, which is interesting. That means I can get strength on gear or on my passageway. How about this thing? It's not bad. It's a sinister. You go kind of crazy. There you go.
[00:14:51] Reds on both sets. Very nice. This item is actually genuinely insane. Low base type though, unfortunately. And I have to replace it eventually. I want life recovery when I war cry. Yo, Eleanor. What's up? This is a good helmet though. It doesn't? Oh wait, it has an open brief. It has an open... Oh wow, it's so expensive though. No result. Okay, we're going to get rid of Rarity.
[00:16:05] They're armor for the res But the helmets what they're the craft of max life, right? This thing is like the vine is yes, I Can't be just bound to buy that. Oh, I've got an open Here you get a helmet This device if you need reference Eleanor
[00:17:42] You shouldn't be following a build guide. Okay. I know that's mean. I'm not being that serious, but what I'd try and... If you scroll down, Eleanor, if you scroll down, you'll see a stat priority, right? That's how you want to get your items, based on that stat priority. So, of course, yes, you want to equip items. 100%, you want to equip items. But...
[00:18:08] The amount of items you can equip and are good are so varied that I don't want to recommend anything. Because once I recommend something, people will only look for that, you know? Anything is good as long as it has some of those stats on them, right? The more stats, the better, right? Just use that stat priority to find items. Because at the end of the day, you gotta know how to play the game. And I can't just help you gear all the time. There's variance in gear. You can't...
[00:18:38] There's no one item that is always better than everything else, right? Or that you're like, oh, this item is always better than this. No, it's a stat wave. And I'd rather you learn how to understand stats and value items early on than later on, right? That's why I don't have it in there. The real reason, though, is because I'm lazy. You know, I can figure it out. Alright, we got damage to current life, max phase. That's not too bad, actually.
[00:19:27] Max bridge effect is cool. At least cost of vision, that's not bad either actually. Yeah, 35. Expensive side.
