[00:19:55] expensive side that's a bit more okay let's go with this hey we sick oh wow yeah the mtx definitely works holy the mts works i love it though it's so cool oh i like it's it's 100 bad for my like effects but it looks so sick it works with the corrupted blood you know the explosion it's so sick when i went past some
[00:22:24] That scares me. Every time I get so much HP, it just chunks me. I'm actually dying. Level up, which means this. Big. Stun chance. I thought that would correct me or something, but the thing that moves my health is my own fortifying cry. Ooh, Jhin Barrier. Time for tier 11s. Wow. Good to me. Excel exchange in here. Oh, wait. Excel exchange. Does Excel exchange work? Anyway, HD for bin right. Save. There we go. Pretty much.
[00:27:38] This is all we have. I will make use of this. Oh, yeah, I shouldn't sell that. For some reason, I might level up. Good one. Gin Barrier. What's connected to what here? Both of these are connected. Stuck. What was he doing? I'll play Delirium as well, because just explosions, instead of having increased life, they just have damage reduction, which means explosions aren't as strong. And they just have, you know, damage reduction. Again, lucky back-to-back.
[00:30:39] and more move speed would be created opening those mirrors and shards or whatever they're called or mobs are coming out they actually have pretty good range of totems don't want to tank that my totems are dying or something no damage and delirium since i have a passive point oh oh it's this guy hmm next i'll go this one wait our shot is already double sentient this is all we have
[00:35:25] Kill you, Reaper. Hey, you know, you can't just not play the game, right? Squeeze in as much time as possible. Progression is slow. I mean, it's not, this build isn't exactly the fastest or anything. Safe, but fastest. You can probably make it kind of fast, though. You need, like, mage blood and plus.
[00:36:19] Oh, we already get it. Okay. Yeah, I heard, Reaper. I heard. I guess you just get spread on the amulet and then just get a... Probably don't use frost armor, whatever it's called. It will not change the armor type, no.
[00:37:21] No. I want to keep the thing in armor. Oh, I did not know that. I guess we might as well. What do I need for this one? Guilt, guilt, fear. I have to put an amulet. Okay, we'll just buy a fear and then find the farm abyss. Yes. Oh, 58. 30. Not too bad. I could get away with an amulet, though. We're three divines, right? There's something to work with.
[00:39:46] No way, not a single one exists. What?
