[00:40:10] how's going on oh they're expensive okay let's go two then and this one's solid and it has res and an open suffix wow this is better though i mean i have to go for this one too good definitely worth it 68 degrees fahrenheit i'm guessing i definitely celsius would kill you it's like you die temperature that sounds rough though
[00:41:46] I think. In which case, it's 6, 30 degrees. Okay, yeah, that's pretty hot. Pretty hot. If it races, the higher temperature then. Sure. This, we want a suffix. Yep. How much is a 55? Okay. Actually, 55. I think it is worth it. They worth quite a bit. Ready? Yeah, let's sell one of them. Okay.
[00:43:26] What even 50 degrees Celsius Jesus it's unheard of I mean, I live in Norway, right? So that kind of temperature does not happen 30 degrees is like a unicorn Wait Always sell at the lower price don't sell out what people are buying sell it what people are selling unless you're buying is
[00:44:50] is registered lightning and k what's the content cold damn i think lightning chaos is way too right i genuinely like i need chaos res now i need colors to the what is this this is t3 or something this is way more value south africa uh-huh well if you play video games i'm sure you're the latter let me stand anyway it's not too bad actually
[00:46:12] We're up on... Fire Res? How do I gain Fire Res from this? Oh, it has Fire Res. I need to replace one of these with Coal, then we're good. And we have more Chaos Res now, which is good. Love it? Alright. Like, good beach weather. What else? I think. There's not much else we can do, right? We just have the Essence. We don't want Essence, I think.
[00:47:25] We don't want to remove anything, right? Life. T1 max energy shield. T1 max energy shield? How much spirit did I lose? I lost a bit of spirit. I think I'm fine, though. Game plus two, and now we can also buy... 10, 4, 5.
[00:49:34] 57 got the money for that give me a couple of these i guess i'll post it right away hey hello oh that's interesting is that the one that does the other the one that breaks arm around pinning is the same recipe just different order chapter ring below i'm not gonna do that for now
[00:51:29] The urban weather sucks. Too humid. Right. That's what I imagined for it to be. I've been in Florida a couple of times. Younger, though. Still popping up. Getting some upgrades now. Pretty nice, pretty good helmet. Randomly crafted myself. Bound, honestly. D1 life with, like, T3 hybrid life. Full res. We got an amulet. It's pretty decent that I bought. I wish I got life instead of the max energy shield, but I guess campy choosers.
[00:52:09] trying to replace one of the lightning reses with cold res chaos res as well now five plus six fortifying as well totem count as a melee skill it does okay what is that unequipped pressing a button yeah it's now we've done that what do we want we want to go over to the next thing right you go this way i guess we don't really care about doing delirium right now honestly unfair to la res
[00:53:48] There's a chaos shock round. Jesus. I think it's goddamn dangerous. Sounds fine. Mages like the map. The map checker. Delirium. That's what we're going to do. Damn, I'm slow. Alright, good night, Reaper. Rest. I'm breaking armor now. Personally, I'm not the one breaking it. The damage is definitely much better now on the fortifying. Not this way.
[00:57:51] Where the hell is this place? Is this the monkey? No, it's the monkey. One of Resurgeons still hasn't procced. I wonder why. Can only one of these proc at a time? Oh my god, more Delirium. I mean, now can I not resist? Captain Z Knight is actually taking me down.
