[01:39:55] plus five jewels plus and the five level tier five supports is enough i think you definitely you want the helmet for plus one and you want the shield for the 50 increased damage when you get that node that that's that's that's comfy enough it will it will be it'll be comfy right bosses will maybe take a bit of time but uh nothing you can't overcome right you don't need the tabula i've i've leveled all the way without tabula right
[01:40:25] Plus six is nice, but you don't need that plus six like the plus six is just a wee right at least early on it's just for a wee, but you can do without Like a five a six socket Why did you always get a map from killing a boss means like Yeah, I'm not getting much loot from not killing too much in the map, but it's fine dressing be Armored. Oh, you meant the six. Okay in that case and you're fine. Oh, you're playing hardcore, right?
[01:42:01] I mean, it's still fine in Hardcore, but I would not use Tabula in Hardcore. I would not even consider Tabula in Hardcore. If you can get a level 5 supports and a 5 socket, ideally 6 socket, right? But I think 5 socket from Frontal Cry is fine. The end of Act 2 is pretty rough without so much investment, but it's doable. It's rough.
[01:42:33] If you want, you can obviously get in a different single target setup for something, but I don't think it's neat. As long as you stay alive, you'll kill the boss, right? If you're playing hardcore, I would, you know, definitely don't just use those uniques. Other than the helmet and the shield, which I think are fine even for hardcore, you probably want to use other stuff, right? I can kill that guy with just the Warcry alone. I wonder. See, that was just with Warcry. It's just like the same.
[01:44:22] Just to show how strong the jambling really is. It's just like bossing that you need the extra damage for. I got totems for that. Ripping the Viper though? Oof. Feels bad. Definitely one of the more scary bosses. Surprisingly, I didn't feel like I had that at the time though. Out of over one shots in the Viper fight? She does have like some slams. They're pretty hard to tell what the hell's going on.
[01:46:33] Oh, I see. Just the classic guard spears. Damn. Rip. You can actually block. Like, if you have a shield, you can just block it. It's dangerous though, in case you get heavy stunned. Plus, you were in the dodge roll animation. Damn. Rip. That's why I always dodge. So, instead of dodging away from the spears, I always dodge roll into the spears. Because I know I have iframes, right, for the spears. I don't want to get into, like, a different position. Yeah, it's rough.
[01:47:10] What's the main items you get for Quote of Greenance? Builder, change it to your build in Act 4. If you change it to the build in Act 4... Act 4... Isn't there an Act 4 variant? The main items is all you need in Act 4 is just plus 2 on mace, plus 2 on amulet, plus 2 on gloves, plus 2 melee for Fortify and Cry. You want a total of plus 6.
[01:47:44] to melee skills and a helmet for plus one to all those are the main things i would say i guess a shield for increased damage for block so that unique shield is pretty good those are the main things you don't need the tabula uh you know if you can get some jewels in your passive free that's okay but not mandatory you do have to make sure that you have some cooldown reduction though because uh if you don't have enough cooldown reduction you can't stack up to 10 right
[01:48:26] Let's see here. We got clock, totem damage. That's pretty good. That thing is not terrible. What armor does that get? Let's just go for a jewel. Great armor. You just need 11, I think. Armor. Increased amount of life leeched. Armor. That's solid. Does this add or does it remove? Any removes, right? Couldn't play some speed. That's not terrible either. Life regeneration. I like that one.
[01:49:56] Warcraft speed is nice. Let's go armor. I can craft armor on it. On the prefix, can't I? But I could brick it. Ooh, damage with warcraft is nice as well. What can I put on the suffix? Let's get this one. Life regen is nice. By both of them. We can brick one. Boom. Max rage. Ooh. Okay. That's pretty nice. Damn. Just like these three. It's really...
[01:51:38] nothing good for that armor damage we're gonna armor rip i think there's a better one don't play some speeds also nice i'm not paying six ks for that forget it as cool as i think this one is i'm gonna sell it for divine like that one guy i'm sure someone will want that oh we got a tier 13 map wow i didn't even know what this is going on is that move speeds it'd be genuinely good
[01:53:32] We ain't get move speed on these. Okay. Boom. Oh, we got increased armor. Shit. Okay. Down threshold, it's not even a bad stat. It's not even a bad stat. Now, once we get one more level, which we're soon up, we should have 100% increased armor break. Chance. Increased armor break. That gives 50, 40, 11. It means we always break armor on heavy stun. It means random lag spikes on the sunlight.
[01:56:18] I think it's just the shader cache building in something, but still. I would say the FPS has been a lot better. Way better on DirectX 12. Now that that's finally working, you know, like crashing your game every little minutes. That sounds terrible. That's terrible. I'm not going to go for that. And boom.
[01:58:51] Ooh, decompose boots. Very cool. Yo, those are some pretty insane gloves. Damn. Did I even use that? How much damage is that? 19. Tier 14. Wow, I didn't know we were already progressing to tier 14s. Progressing too fast.
