[01:59:59] Keep going towards the Wildwood. Also, another thing, Starlight, if you're still here, I mean, we haven't really gotten to that point where it matters, but I recommend to just not necessarily skip the Uber Endgame section, but I think you just ignore the part about using the Saffron's frame, is that what it's called? One that converts Max Block into Max Resistance. You just use Block instead.
[02:01:53] You know what? Maybe I'm wrong about that. As long as you pair carefully, maybe you're fine. Maybe it's better. You can tank hits better. I don't know. Both are good, I guess. And he's armor broken. There we go. Pretty sure that's heavily affecting my diamonds right now. It's stunning as soon as I would have thought, though. Wait. E1, T2. That's intriguing. Base.
[02:04:46] I get to update the, well, I've imported my character into the guide with the discard build. That's about it, unfortunately. Insta-stunning is so good. And, like, look at that. You just can't do anything. Stun is a defense. No single chest appeared. Ooh, a new antidote charm. I don't know how dangerous poison really is, but I feel great against it. Like, everything is so slow.
[02:09:01] Because of the madness. Mace. If he wants to walk, I just can't. The question is, does that work for, like, time of change? Increase the magnitude by 100%. The spikes just disappear. As if, like, there's definitely more than stakes at a time, isn't it? I don't even know. Get this guy's time. Mace is just stuck. I might have lifeless, though. That was spooky. For HCSSF.
[02:12:40] i will say uh wolves that i've upgraded the defense a lot uh with the new tech i put in so i put it in um just before like this patch pretty much i put in chevron satchel the belt that makes it so that your life flasks work for energy shield i did some testing and i was like wow this is good and i didn't even min max it so i think that could be like a very good pretty decent defensive setup before
[02:13:10] you get mage blood basically right so you don't need mage blood anymore like really feel tanky now of course evasion goes down to like 50 percent at that point and you'll have i don't know how much energy you can have this about the same amount of energy shield i would go for a bit less damage i would not go for the val chest piece i would go for just like a insanely high energy shield evasion chest piece maybe even just energy shield at that point
[02:13:39] just go energy shield at this point but yeah i think it's doable for sure but again it's not meant it's not i i've not tagged it as an hc build i've not tagged it as an ssf build i think there's a lot a lot of things that you just can't get an ssf that that build utilizes to an extreme you know like the from nothing that gives you resonance and that gives you these two and also the the darkness and throw no with the
[02:14:08] something dark uh that gives you the like notable passives like you're not gonna get that right with spirit it's really good i think that the single target will definitely suffer and it will be really it will be hard to min max it's probably doable but i would not do it as your first character per se i would have like something that can have a bit of gear so you can have something ready for when you swap and get that saveron satchel and that kind of stuff
[02:14:46] I think it can definitely work. Like, CI is very strong. Curses are super strong, right? As long as you play carefully, no mob will pretty much ever hit you, right? As long as you have your Blasphemy up, nothing will ever hit you. All right, Wolves, yeah. The curses are super strong. And I already updated it last season to have Temp Chains and Feeble curse set up.
[02:15:11] right instead of damage which means like anything that gets close to you is now like doing half damage if it's a white mob and like moving at a snail's pace right but it has a lot of defense it's just that the max hit is i mean 5k energy shield is nothing like you can get 4k energy shield pretty reasonably and that's you know better than my life pool right but again it's not a high max hit evasion and all that kind of stuff so yeah that that's what i gotta say about it
[02:15:53] before the saveron satchel i would never recommended it because i felt like the defense was just bad especially mainly the recovery without the mage blood but now i think it's fine with the saveron satchel stuff i do that with this is all we have pretty high for a new build because i'm kind of tired of shield well yeah shield well i don't know how khan does it man the fact that he played shield well after doing that is so much in ssf in
[02:16:40] Trade League? Softcore? The guy is special, I guess. Fair play. Ooh, Uncut Spirit Jam level 17. Shit, does nothing for me. Overwhelming Present could be good, but it's only if I ever get to that point. Ooh, we have a tier 15 now. Oh, shit. Nice one, Wolves. I wonder where I am now. I know I was, like, not even top 1,000, but I was kind of close.
[02:17:36] But that was when I went to bed. How do you check that? How do you check the leaderboard? Are you on this leaderboard? No, it's called ladder. You know one of these, right? Well, you got the Titan here. Rich Beach. Is that you? 96. 97. That's pretty intense. We soon got a guy level 100. Wow. I wonder. Is he going to go? He just hit level 99, though. Probably like a day or two before he hits 100. But do you think he's going to give us a free passive point? That'd be nice.
[02:18:41] There's so much defense when I swap. Terrifying. How is it only 33, though? Like, I have, what? 48? 27? No, that's it. Should I go for this? That's three points for, what? That means I can use two of the soul cores. It's probably worth it. Oh, right. HCSF. Fair enough. Top 45. 55. That's pretty impressive. Pretty impressive. HCSF is...
[02:19:36] Definitely like bragging rights kind of thing, but I don't know It's too special for me. What if I should go for this pile on it? It's like a bit of extra damage I guess
