[02:19:55] A bit of extra damage, I guess. If anything, I should actually go for irreparable. That's what I actually should go for. Let me get some water. I'm not sure what I should be doing with charms. The fact that I can only have two is not ideal, but I don't know. I haven't really noticed. Charms are strong at the same time. You have to be frozen. I've had freeze ration, so I'm going to be easier. That's scary. Time change. Holy shit, I died there. What the fuck? That's terrifying.
[02:23:27] Genuinely terrifying 15's This doesn't really get that much harder than this. I mean it does but Like this is a pretty solid the HCSF build I think Sure, I guess my weapon like this definitely some items that are not SSF but like Everything works SSF, right? A lot of my items are SSF. Pax pack is gonna be annoying though. I don't need Pax pack though. Holy shit. Oh, he's stuck as a pin
[02:25:46] Power my pin, man. Too strong. Someone's lava? Jesus. Range build. Can I walk here? And we got another point. Let me use this on. Go damage at this point. These nodes. There's more crit to get as well. Let's go up here. This gives me what? Five times three. Attack speed. That's no joke. And it gives me some damage too.
[02:27:58] What I want to do before I went to bed is a trial of some sort. Is that a Chaos Trial? I want to try a Chaos Trial. Speaking of. Asking you shall receive. Level 80 though, but I keep looking inwards now. It really just gives me so, like, Sizemore Cry just gives me so much rage. I just wish there was something I could do with the rage. I don't think Rage Force works on totems. It does technically work on Fortify and Cry, but that's purr.
[02:31:41] I feel like I'm not exploding anything. I need to put them further back, I think. That's the problem with Earth Shatter. Should I try something other than Earth Shatter for a bit? I don't really want to. I could try something like Sunder. I think Sunder doesn't need it. It doesn't have that synergy. It does crit synergy and way slower, though. What does quality do? Brancing Fissures does work, but not single target, which I don't think I need.
[02:33:11] before that you just go for bleed right just go there's some more melee fizz obviously always play because my right is the accuracy on this wow and that's with odds good with this i wonder does that does snapshot actually just in case it does snapshot i should just have it active why does this one only have three is it because of if i have i have so much int
[02:35:29] Base. Gate. I don't know if this is working. This might actually not snapshot, does it? It does. Yeah, that can make a massive difference. I didn't think about that. Huh. Freaking. How much are these? Still two defines. Can I help? No stock. It's pretty cheap now, huh? What is that? What's a favorite? Eh? Yes.
[02:37:53] Choose what you need. Let's do this for now. That might actually help my damage a lot. That might be missing, like, a bit there. Even though this is set to only, it seems to... Wait, no, it doesn't work. It does snapshot? Huh? Who knows anymore? I should probably just have it on both. Here, I need to do the ritual. It seems decent so far. I mean, that's, like, burst damage, but...
