[02:59:55] It's not my last boss. Wait, he got deleted instantly. Wait, what? Maybe my damage is fine. That was great. I can still increase their resistance. Wow. It's easy. Most builds can't really do that one. Unless you're wrecked out us, in which case it's like giga free. Maybe those balls do not work. It's like they explode like prematurely or something. It's allowed. This is good, right? More rares? Yes, please. Does nothing on bosses.
[03:02:46] and it's actually the best one what the hell the escort is like literally like kind of the best one love it holy shit like we go this one and i think we're good right this is just straight into boss arena yeah easy clap no that's not what i meant to do i went to do slow crit how hard can it be you have a good life
[03:05:37] It's moving so slow he can't even get to me. Wow, that's awesome. That's good. A little shit that's good. Yeah. Whoa. That thing's fucking insane. Right? It's not bad either. T2. T2. Oh, it's hybrid life though. T1. I mean.
[03:07:44] Is that good? No. Oh, now we're talking. Ooh, miss ended. Challenge done. Jade Heritage. Interesting, ammo's weight would also double up. Problem with that is that, huh, ammo's weight would actually save a lot of points. Tank is good. 84% armor, though. 18% fizz. Tier fizz. Commit.
[03:10:03] What happens to this one? Greater. I don't have that many greater. What happens here? Okay, so it takes me to continue it. My current ones aren't too great here, I think. Yo, thanks for the raid, Nightly Sleeps. What are you up to? SC Trade, I'm guessing. It's my first time doing a Chaos Trial. It's a league. Hardcore life.
[03:12:04] boost recovery is kind of scary oh yeah nicely sleeps that's awesome glad you're liking it yeah it's pretty good have you did you have you seen the what i guess not update because i can't technically put it in the guide but the the the two new soul cords you can put in the weapon gives you plus two total to your war cry for free basically like me it's insane buff to the build from this patch all these are terrible i guess almost
[03:12:40] Yeah, I didn't link them, but at the very top of the guide, I mentioned them. I have one of them in my weapon now. This one, Tiquanti's Soul of Rippling. I'm pretty sure they're dirt cheap. This one gives plus one to Nova skills, and a Warcry is a Nova skill. And you also have one for plus one Warcries. Very good. You do lose 30 Spirit, though, in the endgame setup, but honestly, you can probably just not run Frost Armor.
[03:13:17] initially and then maybe get spirit on the amulet or something this is like the it uses the pack like my build has war cries and use packs packed and all that kind of stuff but uh more totem heavy single target and stuff it's safe for hardcore damn i should have dumped my stuff crap i can even with like just a scepter i don't even have a like plus four on my weapon or anything i just kill most things with just a war cry right
[03:14:57] Jemling has plus two and a bunch of other stuff. That makes it better, right? Dump my stuff. I have a random element. That's probably fine. I back out. Yeah, it really does. It really does. And it's even, like, on Jemling and the dodge stuff, it feels so nice. I was faster than when I did the other time. No worries, Knightly. Yeah, I mean, there's no... I like how people want to say that they depart, but...
[03:16:54] I appreciate it, but I'm just fine. Of course, get well soon. If so. Otherwise, I'll see you later as well. Was I supposed to do that? It was a terrible idea. What? Oh, am I supposed to? I'm so confused, huh? Another labor somewhere else? No, what? Oh my god, is my thing bugged? Or is there something more to this?
[03:19:28] See? There's not much I can do here. I think I'm just locked in. This won't even show anymore.
