[00:00:02] six man we'll take them i sell here expensive those aoe some accuracy but we gained chaos reds which i think is definitely worth it where are we going i want to get both of these excellent eight when is eight max friends jesus i need more armor if i want to use how much i'd like to take i think i had a network spike there still mosses here what if it's like an accuracy issue
[00:04:19] okay i think we're straight on top with like shotguns t1 max life double res yo crap damn okay that's i think that damn that's worth a lot bit of upgrade nice look at that big time and two charms there's actually one for oh it's not that good though five sixty boom boom straight up just pick up the upgrades easy clap
[00:06:22] captain lightning res now what's new 60 life five percent one percent is 25 five percent gives me a lot more so good is life one a lot cheaper now i'll fill that in as soon as i can
[00:07:42] Being LA weak is nice. So much lightning res. Where are all those lightning res from? You can always convert lightning res. Oh, yeah, blazing. Oh, it double converts. That's kind of annoying. Blazing do it on this one. Ah, no. I can convert it to fire, actually. Convert this to fire, and then I can put another life in there. Ooh, losing 18 is not...
[00:10:08] i can it will survive these are my boost nice what can we have on here into poison is fine into slows also nice into bleeding i don't think like bleeding can actually do anything because of um you don't take more damage when you move anymore it's nice freeze would be nice but i actually have immunity to free it's not immunity but i think this makes it so that things that would normally freeze you don't
[00:11:43] like that show yeah tomorrow morning i probably need to update the guide a good time into doing that i wonder if you get accuracy on a ring probably should get action i don't know how much of an impact it's having it's really hard to tell with accuracy on my support i just don't know if it's the range is based on my position or the opponent's position 287 nice i didn't activate the hf beacon what the hell does that mean i don't know how much this is worth
[00:17:28] i'll do what i can to sell it for you yes choose what you need make use of this this ring is pretty terrible this ring doesn't even need that much and these gloves are so terrible okay we can we want the amsis ring resistance resistance we don't care about lightning right life damn what a loved one with accuracy it says an open suffix though that's kind of crazy
[00:19:02] And fizz damage to attacks. Two divs. 20 chaos. How much is that? There's more than two divines. Current economy. This is just kind of too good. Oh, it has a bad prefix. Fuck.
[00:20:06] which is an echo yeah i should have done kurgles it'll get something better oh they're good strength and dex is not terrible strength and dex sure i need some dex but clarity is not bad either cool maximum mana on kill i guess that gives us uh accuracy what we wanted okay consider amount of accuracy
[00:21:55] okay as for us as well not that much seems like a good deal okay let's do some challenges while we're at it act for the blood and water this one i guess i have to do all of these what am i getting from this one level that's pretty good actually can i put on both that's not that point where i can like
[00:23:27] this one yeah i want this one of both sets just in case for some reason i think it does snapshot but thank you for this oh my god okay so i've done that but i don't need to react wow i can actually get currency from that i mean it's not good currency but it's not terrible hell there's literally nothing moving definitely more armor though i'm thinking of in the scavenged plating oh from the explosions i didn't do this explosion because i assumed corpse
[00:27:25] i find everything but the one thing i want and 4k life like a dream i feel like i just bought the entire arena oh doing this entire zone again here we go please don't do you get increased experience all right i'm getting much experience in this zone 100 increase to zero still zero
[00:31:35] how can i restart encrypted stacks the only choice is when you have old items for the first point it's from the anemia mod on the amulet so once you apply anemia to a mob it can have three more stacks applied to it uh as for and that's from an altered collarbone so it's kind of you have to craft it basically
[00:32:06] Yeah, and it's not guaranteed either as for a second point You can start on the uber before you have all the items Not really that big of a problem when you feel like you've kind of outscaled the end game version you can go to Uber for sure without everything Well, I just like stuff you can work towards while you Select the passes and stuff right. I do 100% Yeah, you'd obviously want
[00:32:44] Probably the chest piece. First, I'm guessing. And, uh, maybe Verona's Jewel. I'm not really sure how expensive those are right now, but those two would be going pretty hard. See? That guy was not taking any damage. It's definitely a bug where I'm just not hitting at all. It's so weird. No way. Wait. Shit. I didn't think that was going to be worth anything. What? No way Ghost March is actually worth something.
[00:34:02] Damn, okay. Well, that's awkward. Oh Wait, what the fuck? It's Runeforged. It's Runeforged Ghost March Why? Wow, okay, cool. I don't think the Runeforged is actually worth it. All right, okay, let's see here. What do we start with? Lost of the Dead, Yama the White. Oh, Yama the White. Shit. I'll probably one shot. I have to do this? No, I don't. I need to ignore those. Thank you very much.
[00:36:11] rafa glad you're enjoying it and i don't know if you noticed but it got some buffs this patch in 0.55 as well with the new uh soul course for weapons which does mean you lose spirit in like the end game but i think you can probably just drop uh look either you drop herald or you drop called ice armor frost armor
[00:36:41] yeah it gives you plus one and you can get two of them right so you can have plus one to war cry skill gems and plus one to nova skills which both apply to war cries so it makes getting those last like two levels or whatever or just getting your two levels basically for free they're not free free but much cheaper than some of the alternatives what's next seeing camera actually seeing cameras crap that's not what i wanted to do hey can i click on that nothing that gives me anything other than
[00:39:41] If I can kill her before she does her face
[00:40:29] Well, I'm in the campaign, so this damage is not that great. The damage is good, of course, but I mean, it's a campaign, so it looks crazy, but it's just because I went back to do the challenges for the league, because you have to kill, you have to do all the boss rituals in the campaign for one of the challenges. Yeah, but this is not a campaign character. I'm up to tier 15 maps.
[00:40:59] Oh my god, I have to do this entire zone again. Oh, no. You'll be fine, Capone. It's actually... Now that you mention it, I think you actually... It's fine to not take that one. Well, I don't know if I recommend it in the guide at any point, but one of the options was to go for Shadow Dancing.
[00:41:33] Which means that you actually want to get stunned because you'll get higher energy shield recharge. But I don't think I actually ended up taking that at all. I can't remember. I don't think I actually took it. But you're fine. I believe there's actually a way to redo the it though. I'm pretty sure you can just do the zone again. And you can pick a new one. I'm not 100% sure though. I think you can. You have to look it up. If anything, I would take the elemental one now actually.
[00:42:08] i mean they're all good but honestly the metal one would actually be better maybe did i take yeah well it's hard to say it's all fine it's not a big deal the one you can't take again is the one in act four be given the shark fin to on this island uh on this island or in in base if you complete the gun far enough i don't know if it says here but uh
[00:43:29] I wonder if, like, I'm confusing people right now. People are like, wow, holy shit, this build's crazy. Like, it's good, but, like, I'm way overleveled in gear for this zone. And the rest of the boss. Yeah, totems are, yeah, they're used for additional damage for sure. They're there for the kill rares and bosses, right?
[00:44:58] You can kill white monsters and blue monsters with just the war cry, but I do use I'm currently using scepters so that I could have more totems in theory if you wanted you could just not use the scepters and then have a mace and you'll get way better work right damage, but It's like bosses what I'm kind of afraid of and stuff. I'd rather have the totems in hardcore But if you really wanted to go all-in on the war cries You could just you know not play this build you play gem link. Oh, this is gonna be annoying
[00:46:13] Okay, 20 more to go now. We have to do all of them, right? We have to go to the interlude now. Let's see here. He's got plus three, plus two, plus four gloves. Okay, I guess. Let's see if that's in the guide, right? How it's built so far? I don't know how to play. It's pretty good. It's slow. I'm in hardcore, right? So I'm making conscious decisions, you know, take it easy.
[00:49:43] tank up over speed all that kind of stuff but i mean i haven't died right i haven't died this was complete in a sense a completely new build that i did for this league specifically and i'm in tier 15 maps so i'm doing like white tier 15 maps is that or like no not white but blue but i can show you of course well okay i'm gonna go to interludes now but like close enough right i mean this build
[00:51:35] Yeah, it's definitely more of a hardcore like SSF build Like you can it just uses rares, you know, nothing special Easy to gear very cheap He started our friendly I'm gonna play SSF title play for the first time in CCS don't like it based take But like it goes to show like even now I'm playing AC trade, right? Which does mean I have
[00:53:46] So I'm trading but it's like like soft SSF right like half my gears my own Crafted and stuff refresh SSF start. I mean this builds definitely up there. Yeah, it's a couple buttons. So it's like a two button build Give or take those two levels should help a lot
[00:55:58] With that. Yeah, it does. Yes, you can have both more price active at any time. Yeah, and it's kind of cool. You can basically have two more price active, right? But I think I'm done with this zone, right? Next one on Holton Holton. Oh These like
[00:59:05] Pretty sure everyone misses this boss. Don't want to kill them like once ever.
[01:01:09] I just don't want to go in here. You want to find this other thing. So I guess you just keep going. Don't want that? These two guys. Looks like he's a boob, but it's actually these guys. This is a good source of runes. I have no MTX on. The only thing I have is this thing. I have more weapons. How much is there? Oh, there's a couple now. Skin transfer.
[01:04:07] What is this? Jhin weapon skin. Spear, death. That's pretty sick. Sting stars. I wonder if it could be useful at some point. How would you do damage and build spells? Let's see here. What are these called? Oh, I have it. War of Rallying. Targeting? No. Rallying. Radiance? Rippling. Quaking.
[01:08:01] snares this one this so okay there we go not even that bad but it's next what's next it's so scary when i'm like taking damage but just from passing it for a fortifying cry back's back before the build how important do you place on deflection above below es below yes for sure 100 below yes
[01:13:28] deflection is one of those things where you get the very end i would say great key but i managed to get like 50 deflection which is i think i got 50 deflection at the end it's one of those things where it's just yeah it's not reliable enough to be worth considering really yes is always it's pretty much impossible to get well it's not possible if you can obviously it's a suffix right deflection is a suffix not a uh
[01:14:09] with a uh prefix so you need some pretty good gear though or higher high-stated items in the e-swap i had to drop some deflection mods they were way too expensive yeah i can imagine freaky are you in hc stuck there okay okay all right all right all right and then yeah don't worry about deflection then even honestly i don't even hardcore i don't think you'd actually go perfection as priority the other way it's too unreliable
[01:16:13] You can't even avoid getting hit in the first place. All right, min-max the monkey can get one shot. Good here. I don't think this is good, is it? This is worth something? All right, last two to go. Any challenges completed? There's a boss here. Okay, it's this way then. I should actually get better jewels now that I think about it. Need some armor jewels? We go a long way. And the monkey. I'm pretty sure I'm outside of one-shot range. That's good. This level, what level is this?
[01:19:32] in the news.
[01:20:07] challenge is done baby right good oh my god how long am i muted jesus oh i'm muted oh well explosive plants when i don't want i have some chaos right now i guess why do while i suppose did i answer any of your questions i did didn't i i've i did i talk about at my did you hear me talk about mom there's no mom okay well what i was saying was it's too many points
[01:36:26] And we don't really have a way to, like, regain mana. We don't really want to press a mana flask. We can avoid it, right? Wow, that gave me so many. How many guys do I have to kill for these things? Alright, what was I going for here? Oh, yes. Talking about challenges and what I had to do. I do wish I had a way to break armor. I wonder if that's where my six link is. Sustain scavenger fighting stacks.
[01:39:15] Really good, actually. How am I having less elemental damage reduction from hits, even though I have... Oh, okay. I mean, 100% have it as an end goal, I guess. Some of them are pretty... I'm not going to say brutal, but definitely a grind. I definitely... I'm not sure...
[01:39:55] but definitely a grind i definitely i'm not i mean yeah make a good point i definitely want to farm the bum is i'm in hardcore right so it means that some of these challenges especially the bosses i'm like i kind of want to be in peak condition before i want to attempt some of them like arbiter right now he's like like a quest boss right but he's terrifying because he can one shot you if you just do one misstep or something he's seven that's kind of cool
[01:41:25] rage no stock all right your order is registered who sent you goodbye yes this is all we have it's not terrible genuinely not uh it's a bad base as expected okay maybe i don't have an abrasion this is pretty close
[01:43:07] there's not a single disc credit there's really actually not many options it's like moon speed is like guaranteed i'll post it right away i think as much as i want this all right your order is registered wait a second what's new oh my god
[01:45:19] You can guarantee 30 move speed. That's fucking embarrassing shit Guarantee 30 moves. Okay, these are very expensive. Come on, move speed. Fuck. Well, I guess you can always remove it. Tank boots. No move speed means dead. Oh, that's 720 MS. Still on the threshold. Next one. Still there anything? Armor. Fire, global fizz.
[01:46:59] Yeah, 40 is hard cap, Miso. Unfortunately, you cannot go above 40. That is the hard cap. You want to make sure that Fortifying Cry, because if Fortifying Cry is corrupted for plus 1, you can technically get it to 41, because the corruption from plus 1 does not apply to Pax Pact. Just going to make sure that Pax Pact, like the support gem, this one, has 40 here. As long as this is 40, yeah, you're capped, unfortunately.
[01:47:30] That is just how the game works. There's a kind of ceiling there. The best after that, the best you can do is just get, like, god tier jewels to get increased work hard damage, global physical, and then a fifth stat that gives either of those, I think. Yeah, that's kind of it. There's an angle where you can go wolves. Instead of running the mace in the set two, you can run pounce.
[01:48:03] pounce with a talisman and that gives you more increased damage than the shock but honestly i don't like having like 10 plus wolves running behind me so well p we won it's just capped at 30. but to be fair in p we wanted it's very different then you have a global fizz dot right i would love i would love fizz dot multiplier god damn that would go so hard at last we have two ways of scaling the build
[01:48:37] damage and levels and you know global increased damage taken shock oh and of course you know if you have the megalomaniac you know you have a thousand cuts which is also another 20 increased physical damage taken i'm not sure to do these boots like i would love this much armor on boots but it's just suicide oh we can do we have a don't yeah 53 is that worth it
[01:49:43] it's not gg belt i know that i can get that much armor i can get pretty good armor right away you go for double rollers as well see if there are any takers what i don't have 41 are you joking i'm that poor i'll fill that in as soon as i can nope terrible come on give me armor that's something i guess a flask like kind of like full heals us instantly right
[01:51:35] Wait, oh wait, no, we actually have the wrong flask and we actually have the wrong flask. That's close These charges Actually better thing increase charges is better because We have full charges for the most part anyway. We got some upgrades, but Let's just not get a E4 map. This one scares me Shit
[01:53:19] I always have, like, a lag, like, a bit into them. I think people are confused about them dropping so much armor in their leech. It's not that it's bug or anything. It's just they just drop armor in their leech. It's not related to the fact that they're outside of the... Oh, my God. Why does it always have to be immune to damage, man? Do your move. Oh, that's why I need to try and craft soon. Helmet. Oh, shit. Yeah. Do your abyssal depths. Holy shit. What the hell?
[01:56:36] i'm rich oh my god wow i just dropped seven divines from that one that's so awesome though that getting a uh missile depth is like a big money right now all right worth doing at least yes now who's stunning and rare gives you five cards that's perfect
[02:01:17] to buy cheap techniques here cheap like someone said someone mentioned that ancient rib does not work uterification we just sell that yeah results that's awkward people are only buying it for lines right away okay it's 190 19. this should be to sell this for 400. do i have what's my tablet situation like
[02:05:17] Can I drop tablets? Yeah, I can drop all tablets. Nothing, like, specific. Damn, I would love more points than I pass it through. I would love all this stuff. Damn it. I need to kill. Complete the burning monolith. That scares me. There's not many of those. We have a couple tablets here. Well, I don't think there's any need. Dodge out of that. We will survive. Sorry, don't sprint. Skill point? Is this for Abyss?
[02:10:47] What gives me more... Nah, there's nothing... Let's just go this one. Ooh, wait. That one's not terrible. Double rarity. Wow. That's sellable, actually. Damn. I'm looking for the life regen. If I could break his armor earlier, that'd be great. Does this guy have storm resistance? Dumb jacks type of metaphors? That's fine. I'm going to kill things. The powerful boss?
[02:20:06] That thing is so scary like oh you can't recover to half-life which means just you're always at half-life Anytime you're in the circle. Where's that bernie shield, huh? Anyway, why is that a modifier? Hey, aluminum are not worth the farms. It's hard for me to farm aluminum now with Deadeye Aisha because my clones kill them before I can drag.
[02:20:35] i have i have heard a lot of complaints uh recently that people don't think it's worth it because they just seem to kill them before they drag it's weird because you're not supposed to be able to kill them at all and if you can kill them it means they didn't spawn their cloud which is fine because that also means they're out of the side of the cloud from my understanding but they've also changed a lot this patch with how things drop and i it's hard to say
[02:21:05] Because people are complaining that you're getting lineage, right? I went on with lineage or whatever it's called. But that's actually just the common drop now. It's not like an if or. Before it was like, if you saw that drop, that meant you lost one of the good ones. But now it just means you just drop one, right? It doesn't actually mean that you lost anything.
[02:21:29] You should need to drag them. They automatically come out. As long as you're not inside the cloud, they should always try and go outside of the cloud. I don't know if they've somehow destroyed brick that though since. It's up to you. If you don't feel like it's worth it, then you can of course fire something else. You know, it's one of those farms that, yeah, it's a bit luck dependent to some extent. Like sometimes you feel like you have a dry spell, so it doesn't feel like it's worth it.
[02:22:06] it's gonna be weird like i i i'm not even dragging anything out and i already got one light and an ancient rib just from going into the this zone right the one like underground thing they insta die in the cloud that shouldn't be possible but it sounds like it's bugged them it sounds like maybe this they bug something this patch maybe in that case uh then you yeah you'd have to do something else it usually also means that
[02:22:42] I mean, you just not attack them. I don't know. It's so weird. They should not be dying, though. It also means that it is probably more expensive, though. I bet lights and stuff are more expensive than they usually are if it's harder to get because of that. Yeah, that means nothing. Honestly, that sounds pretty regular. Let's see how many lineage I have. Why not? To be fair, I'm not even using any of the Abyss stuff yet. And I have...
[02:23:31] Not that many, apparently. I ran leech. I have five. For someone who's barely done abyss, I've done barely any abyss. They just drop. You get tons of leech or whatever they're called. They just drop all the time. Maybe just next time pay attention because they don't always have that modifier on them. I don't know how many abysses you've done, though. Honestly, that does not sound that crazy to me. I was in one of those abyssal depths.
[02:24:06] And I dropped five Legias or something. Four Legias in there. That's the one thing. I know that Legias drop anyway now. 100%, they just drop, right? As like a normal drop from the monsters. I don't notice that much. Oh, shit. They got 5 million HP, though. It was a super powerful boss. It's right. Use a resist essence. What's it going to do with this one? Just...
[02:28:02] That awesome. That's fun. It is a bit annoying. I agree But I think it's cuz I think it's not so much they changed as most of they just fixed it Where mobs can just drop it normally Instead I have to do the pullout strat pretty much or if they have a modifier or something
[02:30:39] i really want to see that boss like i don't think he can do his one-shot move when he's like outside of his arena but why does he do that terrifying grip capone you sure i feel like they added that at some point i can't remember how though yeah you're probably right they maybe they never did they're not as powerful as they used to be at least before it gave like chaos res which was insane back then i can't see a i'm good this is death animation
[02:33:48] He's even worth picking up what much choose what you need as expected Next gamble. Yes, I want that choose what you need. Why? Of course That one is of the essence. It's not bad. It's a shock Someone is bound to buy that what I need to do this. Oh shit cow. Thanks for the raids
[02:36:03] It's not common that you raid me. I'm usually the one to end stream first. Well, you are US. Time to schedule. How did the Delirium grind go? Get your mirror yet? Or was it Mageblood you were going for? 10 at a time. Fair enough, yeah. Oh, yeah? I didn't think Delirium was that profitable, but I guess it is compared to, like, doing the box strategy or something. I guess it's not a raw currency thing.
[02:36:50] Reach mainly. Ah, okay. Let's see. Yeah. Makes sense. Find out something else. I mean, I think requires a bit of investment, like, going to different parts of the map. Just to find cities. Because, like, I know a lot of people don't like doing that. I don't think it's worth it. Like, I haven't found a single city yet, but that's because I'm playing hardcore, and I've played, like, two hours every day. I haven't even gotten that far yet.
[02:37:46] grand project hopping oh wow okay so it must be pretty profitable if you can afford to do that i would know i mean i'm playing like ssf light over here i say that and i just it's a money selling uh a bit of light uh youtube but sorry hope it tastes good i guess thanks for the rate appreciate it as the other people here yeah i'm playing hardcore my one of my og builds i don't know if you've ever played the corrupting cry war bringer back in 0.1
[02:38:43] This is kind of the new re-indition. I've done a several versions. After Incessant Warrior Totem has gotten changed like so many times now. 8-4's got nerfed. Now we're using Spirit. It's working quite well. It's slow. I mean, I won't deny it. It's kind of slow. But for hardcore character with like a couple divine budget, I haven't died. So I'm happy. Grounding Charm. I wonder if I should use that actually instead of Chaos Resist Charm. Actually, that's probably not a bad idea.
[02:39:29] It's when you get poisoned. Poison's kind of good.
[02:40:17] The other thing about spirit using scepters is that you can actually have a shield and a mace at the same time, kind of. Summon with a scepter mace, and then I can swap to a scepter shield. Best of both worlds. This is the last monster. It would be nice to be able to kill blue mobs with one wave of corrupting. I kind of can. It's a bit long. One of these. Lowest here.
[02:43:09] does not worry you're gonna do you're gonna buy 50 uniques ritual for the challenge rewards so as well it feels like when i have my totems right on top of the boss just shotguns like crazy oh finally we got this mode here go for i guess critical damage critical damage probably better right more stun buildup sure what's better here get damage we can go here as well but and i think
[02:44:42] More points for 40 crits. 45. Ooh, nice. I don't know how strong Poison is, but I think with some Chaos Rez, he should be fine. I'm quite scared about Shock. I don't realize how, like, just strong stat-wise these are. I guess the fact that he can't Mobilize is pretty bad, though. It would work great on my Compose build, but it also wouldn't. I want to use it. Are you even using Leaf Slab? No.
[02:47:01] Wow, I hit and run is super cool. What? Is there... Does that not go branch? I just have to go branch because I don't want less skill speed. Wow, that's so fast. Holy shit. I don't have to move that far. I wonder, could you use that on 40% more skill speed? That's so nice. Makes me think that I should get this node here. Pylon. Get double effect with thunder. This node is here as well.
[02:49:30] I wonder if this needs to be global. I'd assume so. I wouldn't assume. I don't know what to say. Gloves souls. Here we go. Breaches now. Just consider doing rare maps. Not the helmet first. Maybe they're giving me a thing. Is it because I do a little one? Oh, it is. Why an 81 map? Because where am I supposed to be going? We need to get Brutus Brain. My minions just die instantly. I thought that they would...
[02:56:30] more levels for my totems but they oh that's what i can use extra sports on the aoe even though it's so weird that it recommends aoe but aoe does not work it's blind the stuff is there oh wait i have our break on these guys it's just oh yeah sure i accept armor break on these guys if it even works i don't know so even if they do one damage it means that they'll keep the armor broken
[02:58:14] Damn, that's actually insane. Parry shields. If it didn't... I don't know. I'm sure someone will want that. Oh, shit. Global phase. Warcrack cooldown recovery raids. What skills to focus on President of Belief? Melee? I'm guessing you're talking about...
[02:59:55] skills to focus on Prism and Belief, melee. I'm guessing you're talking about build. I'm guessing you're talking about Gemling Corrupting Wings. If it's Gemling Corrupting Wings, then you want Fortifying Cry. Fortifying Cry is the skill you're using. Or like, Axe Pack is socketed in Fortifying Cry, which means it mimics the levels of Fortifying Cry. I believe I recommend it in the guide. I assume so. If I say which one you want.
[03:00:38] Wonder how expensive. Oh, actually, do you think that one exists here? It's so crazy. Hardcore economy is just something else. I mean, Uncut skill jump. Can that give me level 19? I don't want to do this to try tablets. Good Seeker's quest. Oh, I assume I have to go to the Pelgar. Hey, exhibition tablets. Yes. Everything is easier to make. Like, 15, 45, or just in front of a card variant. Ooh.
[03:04:11] i'm pretty sure fortifying is cheaper and easier to make early on for sure i think both i don't know you'd have to do the math yourself but um the thing is right fortifying cry requires just rares with melee levels while infernal cry requires uniques which like baseline you can get the uniques but getting the corrupted versions of the uniques is way harder this is what you want because you want
[03:04:43] Get that. Yeah. I would say mine's definitely cheaper. Sure. My build's more well-rounded, but his is just, you know, Giga AoE, right? Mine's faster, tankier, and more damage. But his one is just God-tier AoE. Whatever you value, right? I mean, doesn't the boss, like, die in a couple of seconds on that build? On the floor is lava? I agree. I mean, you know, every build has a downside, right?
[03:05:50] For one shots to exist. Yeah. Yeah, I know that the floor lava build is not... Don't really focus on defense in that build early on anyway. Or at all. Cheap. Usually if you know what you're looking out for on a boss, you can... And if you can't see much, you can kind of predict. I'm going to do the ritual. Pretty good. Well, I can actually see the worm coming from under the... It's hilarious. Under the bridge. Is there anything still?
[03:07:57] I have some results now. Go for better gloves. Damn. Those are good. Missing res. Where's the life? Oh my god, it's from two bond ruins. Getting that much armor might be harder, I thought. Damn, this is so expensive.
[03:10:04] Wow. Is it kind of what I want, but terrible prefix. So bad. That's crazy. Okay. 100. Damn, even like trash like this. There's something wrong here. Drops ended? Great question. I don't think... Was there any drops this leak? I don't think there was any drops for this leak. Was there? I can't recall. There was? Sword. Oh, but the sword was from...
[03:11:31] through the sword yeah the sword from this i thought the sword oh i thought the sword was from the exile race oh no maybe you're right maybe it was sword yeah actually i can see here let me check oh my you go the you're not able to get your loot claim you drop by september 18th oh no so september 18th so it should be still going i can't because i already got the drop out of i can't really see it the rest but
[03:12:18] It should pop up. I don't think I need to have drops enabled or anything on my stream. I think I'm pretty sure it just does it automatically. But of course, feel free to check out another stream just in case. Read some dirt. I know there was some drops for the races, though. I didn't get. Because they only lasted 24 hours. You had to watch, like, a QE1 stream, I think. I will probably any stream, too, though, going to bed.
[03:15:37] 2 than 1 a.m. for me as of the off-screening. It really is safe, huh? I love it. It must have been taking me a while, though. Maybe go a stricter filter.
[03:21:20] Yeah, I can't break armor. Wait, I got an overrun? No. This gives me a guaranteed boss, right? Those bosses are scary. Do many physics. Oh, there's no... here. This one could technically work, but it would move so little. Now when I can't do this one, that's enough for anything. It would have to be this one. I have to get rid of Resultation. Not terrible. Unless it would remove Howling Waste. Sure it would. Let's check off the map.
[03:26:06] Wow, I can't actually go all the way. No unique belt for me then. I would love some more visual clarity, but I find myself perfect. It's not necessarily a good strategy. Dark domain. Different. Take you straight to the boss. Let's see how we fare. I should be pretty strong. Extra HP. Move buzz. Didn't move any damage. This one go. Always take more of those. Night belt. That is actually really easy to do. I 100% need to use Sunder more.
[03:34:37] so fast here all right it's lily's playing drugs i guess she's breaking it up right up right out all right thank you everyone for watching hang it out part of beyond i'll probably be on tomorrow either later on or a bit in the morning i'm gonna watch that new uh looney tunes is that looney tunes looney tunes uh leaky audio versus acme bye
