[00:00:06] Okay, that's a prefix. 100 armor is pretty good. I'm going to reroll. It's life. It's not that much, though. Damn, that's rough. Okay. Power counted by war crimes. Another prefix. Is that good? In a situation, sure. I'm going to go for hybrid. Technically, I want to reroll all of these every time. Come on. Come on. Give it to me, please. That's like...
[00:02:05] Or divine's wasted. I wouldn't even use it Hmm sells more armor, but it's just way less life. That's a comparable I actually knew then I was the best stratus. It's just to pretty sure Yeah spam As much as you know, he is cool. Yeah Yo Eleanor, what's up? Don't do it's only short stream that at least for now at a movie I'm going to later
[00:04:06] I also updated the guide for this build Hopefully it helps someone. I don't think anyone's actually following the build, but that's fine. Future. How much is the DPS? It's hard to say, but it's like... Oh, wow. Nice. Damn, you can get that from... It's definitely improved. Yeah, because I got a six link recently. I don't know. I guess it's like 500,000 maybe. Half a million.
[00:06:48] I'm missing a lot of the crit multiplier right now. Mainly because of passive points. It's like a combo. It's more Warcraft focused, but yes, part of it is Corrupted Blood, yeah. It's not, it's more like Corrupted Blood is only there to like kill stragglers and wipe mobs and stuff. Mainly. I don't have to summon totems for all the little things. See, I can just like do this, right? I'm gonna use totems for stronger mobs. More hardcore oriented as well, of course.
[00:08:14] looks more on like dying attacking from range having crowd control the what the what the what the oh my god my game crashed oh no uh-oh munka s we counted this bug that in bellwar my screen just jumps to nowhere and stuck there like 10 seconds uh the things i'm scared about illinois is that i'm in hardcore okay i'm still alive yeah no no no i hear you um i'm trying to think
[00:09:58] I don't know. I guess it depends. Maybe this is related with using Molten Crash. You know, the leap skill. 100% Corvettes. Yeah, it's like every map I have like one hiccup. That was my first crash though. Ever since I changed to DirectX 12. Yeah, people are saying they definitely lost FPS. Ever since like with this patch specifically. Like DirectX being fixed. And not like crashing your game every map.
[00:11:29] seemed to help a lot but then something i guess this batch backwards fps at least oh my god another diviner holy shit abyss op the best chest man another death soak i what that it's so consistent it's scary oh damn is that something wow every time i go down in abyssal depths i just make bank let's see what people are selling i want to keep killing rares here like jenny i want to full clear
[00:19:23] crashed again the hell that's twice now crashing abyssal depths okay i'm going back to balkan
[00:20:09] I mean, I'd be honored if someone somehow hacked my computer and was using it only to crash my game randomly. You never know. You never know. Day's age. If I installed something recently. Wait, how do I even get out? How do I get out of here? I can't portal. Can I portal? How does that work? Yeah, okay, this works. Can you crit with Warcry? I cannot. Well, technically, no. With the damage over time, I can't crit.
[00:22:22] But my totems can crit. So, like, technically, the hit portion of Fortifying Cry and Seismic Cry, like the actual skill itself, like Shield Wave or the Seismic Cry has base damage, right, physical, those can crit. But no. Like, this part, which actually doing the damage, the damage over time packs, that cannot crit. But my totems can crit. So every time I Warcry with Howling Beast, I apply Critical Weakness.
[00:22:55] which means my totems can crit more easily right and i get big damage boost that way i don't see this i know it's actually insane like it's it's permanent 20 stacks of critical weakness right because i'm spamming seismic cry but the synergy is insane in my opinion like it just it means i have like 50 percent crit chance for that like basically no investment on gear only uh passive tree see if there are any takers
[00:24:22] that's good that's actually pretty good i don't know that was this thing these are our supplies max life armor strength make use of this it's different sports in the shadows ice wall and use frost ones interesting there was a guy who made a werewolf a war cry build that would i think did a couple of those things actually and he was scaling the damage of the werewolf shout i do want to check an item it's called um
[00:27:12] Too bad. Which is the one I want? The Kurgle? No, oh shit. Okay. Yeah, that's what I thought. Giga OP in Auricore. Every time, man, I pick up that shrine, it gives me a god and a mini heart attack. No, I'm not losing HP. I'm just gaining max HP, which I haven't recovered yet. All the uniques. Oh shit, how many times do I have to kill this guy? This is my spirit. I don't think that's worth it anymore. The boss is not here.
[00:34:35] I just can't build stun, right? Didn't say so. Damage on the skill, we've got to level it up. Excuse me. Damage on this. If I can get to do like any amount of damage, it would be helpful. Okay, it triples the damage, I guess. It's something. It also triples about that mana card. It goes on 42 to 85. That's not that significant. Double. If I get the helmet, I can do it.
[00:39:40] i think it's actually always good to focus one area of monsters then we'll just keep spawning stuff in there
[00:40:04] See, they also drop. Even white mobs drop. That was very nice. Oh my god. It's ridiculous. Okay, I guess we're going back to Vulcan. I think. Look at the sound and video. Oh, right. I have to reload all the shaders because I'm on Vulcan now. Ugh. Oh well.
[00:45:42] holy is actually crazy common and they're all worth 40ks damn this is running better i'll be honest wait was that a hello echoes we can go for one more attempt okay okay divine system anyway i can guarantee seems like a good deal is that too much post it right away can i help i'll sort it
[00:51:29] don't exist anymore just hit the armor scrap crazy how fast it is i think you just go straight free to it i like it yeah okay but i don't this is my last berserking though i don't want to chaos because like i don't have money for chaos spamming and i just don't fill that in as soon as i can let's try this again okay and then do you want six echo oh it go echo after prefixes
[00:55:07] i can get good prefixes then 87 percent increased no i think you want to go for the armor okay that's a lot of life that's decent base armor i think we can get something better oh do we go armor or walker eyes i think we go oh my god yeah holy we got it
[00:56:11] We fucking got it. Oh my god. This thing's insane. Holy shit, it's insane. God damn. Dang, that's perfect. Like, yeah, it doesn't get much better than this, honestly. Nice. Now, we lose out on lightning res, but that's fine. We should take some hint on the passage tree. 100 HP, though, but I think it's worth it. Too much cold res now.
[00:57:48] No, too much cold res. We can convert this to like... I think we should get better boots. Oh my god, that's so nice. Holy shit, we have the helmet. Damn, and we have freeze damage with war crimes, because why not? This is near perfect helmet. Near perfect. Need to sell some stuff. Sell Sacred Bloom, I guess. I'm never gonna use this.
[00:59:31] I'll post it right away. Can I help? Alright, your order is registered.
[00:59:56] all right your order is registered it doesn't work that much money what the hell from abyss gg that's so good so good with more armor applied to l.a now still feels pretty lackluster but right there all right so we now have so we can level up fortify now not i guess is there a point leveling up no sizing i mean there is a point in doing is getting what's new i'll post it right away
[01:02:27] What can we have in there? Get maim if we wanted to. Area. Area could go pretty hard. This shouldn't work in seismic. Why does it work in seismic? It's not attack. Spells. Why does it work with fortifying? It's not a spell. Is it? Why does it work? That would be nice, adding days. Days would go hard. There's other ways to add days. Why does that work?
[01:04:35] it's a crit chance doesn't have a crit chance there's no base crit chance but i have 10 but it means i can is i don't know if that's that good it's supposed to only work with spells i mean let's find out yeah i remember war cry is just automatically added days damn i have to remove that no reason why i can't yeah the other option is aoe sure increase the cost though there's a goal corrupting cry then i have to level it though
[01:06:53] let's see i'm regaining 10 percent of life open strongbox that's a thing is this bill ssf viable yes let's build this home the only thing that's not i don't have that's sf is the weapon uh and of course you know packs packed it's it's the build's fine without packs packed just clearing is a bit awkward without totems but you can get that right it's not that uncommon of a drop you just have to search for that map
[01:08:59] Other than that, it's SSF viable. I added the SSF tag. The main playstyle of putting down totems and Warprime to explode stuff. That's all. Half my gear, SSF. Maybe not so much anymore, but it's crafted at least. Yeah, exactly.
[01:10:18] The thing is, though, is that I use Fortifying Cry on Echoing. So I can only use... You don't have to use Echoing early, of course, if you just want to buy a Crocter Cry. The Crocter Cry stacks. If you want to use Echoing, it's really synergistic with Pax Pax. It adds five stacks instead of one stack of Crocter Blood. Which means basically one wave of your War Cry is enough to kill stuff. Like the monsters. What the hell? Oh, what happened to my monsters?
[01:11:03] But yeah, effectively. Yes. See, right. I can kill white mobs without having to summon totems. But you can also just use a Warcraft a couple times. Effectively, the same thing. Sounds pretty good. Yeah, but in SSF, you know, you can't. It's harder to get. It's target vulnerable, right? But, you know, you need to be in maps. How close am I getting now? 32. Okay. The weapon is also SSF-able. You have to do Bodrak a couple times, right?
[01:13:55] It's much easier than getting, you know, a good one-hander. That's even comparable. The Unique makes does not give us armor break. The Unique makes just damage, right? The Unique doesn't have armor break on it. It just has crit, damage, attack speed, right? It's just a really good weapon. The way I don't break... I break armor via stunning.
[01:14:38] but you can if you if you're if you're playing ssf and not hardcore then 100 you can go for the armor break stuff but honestly even then i wouldn't i think because then it's much harder to get scavenged fighting stacks because you you're the one who needs to stun not your totems and your totems will i mean break armor i mean and your totems will break armor otherwise uh if you take that ascendancy currently i have anointed on doesn't look like i can daze
[01:15:43] I'm going to try that full. Oh, that's not terrible. Yes, so the way I break armor is this thing here. Of shattering blow. Break 50% of armor on heavy stunning enemy. You do have armor break, right? So you will break armor on magic monsters and normal monsters instantly, right? But to break armor on uniques and rares, you need 20% here.
[01:16:49] 50% here, and an extra 10 or 11, I think, technically, percent on a jewel here. And that gives you 100% increased armor break, which means when you stun an enemy, you also break their armor. Which means that, and I will always stun on bosses with fortifying, because it, you stun, you auto, or seismic, I mean, because it's auto stuns, prime for stun, right? And since you're the one stunning, you get scavenous play.
[01:17:32] I do have an anointing though. But it's a very cheap anointing. It's like a dirt cheap anointing. It does require a fear. You just have to do delirium a bit and I think you'll get fear pretty easily. Corvids, I guess you could technically get that mod, true. But I personally don't think that mod is worth it. Because of the reason I gave you, right? I don't want my totems to break armor. I want to be the one to break armor. This map is just missing so many monsters. Like, where are the monsters?
[01:18:57] Something bugged here. Is it because this is the special map? The map bugged. Instant scavenge fighting stat, which means I broke the arm. I feel like there's something bugged on this map. Wasn't the abyss thing supposed to spawn?
[01:20:01] It's the last monster left on the map. The hell? I guess it's just... I don't know. I don't know what happens now. This map completed, but... Did I not have high enough map? Okay. I thought I was supposed to kill something. Walk our damage should have gone up quite a bit, too.
[01:22:01] I think damage with war cries also applies to the explosions. I'm not sure about that, though. Okay, if I haven't crited him by now... Nah, it doesn't work. The AOE instead is way better. Yeah, AOE is way better because it means I explode more corpses. I make sure I hit more spikes. Yeah, it's pretty much the same thing, kind of. Honestly. What else are you going to get, anyway? Probably just better in a lot of ways.
[01:25:14] definitely like just pure damage oh these give increased chance to lead to the pistol depths oh all of them do oh okay yeah yeah so it also i think the sound effects have been boosted with this uh however it's called um first shatter effect skin thing i'm missing this this i'm never i feel like i maybe just go i don't know how much damage i need this would go pretty hard
[01:28:04] Getting even more armor applies to LA. I mean, you can see for yourself what Chief Bruiser. You know? Currently, I don't know how much damage I have, but I think... Okay, fair enough. Yeah, I'll do... You can follow the next couple maps. You can see. I'm doing tier 50. I'm obviously not doing super juice content or anything right now. I'm hardcore and... Yeah, I'm terrified. But I haven't had any problems.
[01:29:06] of course the weapon the thing is the weapon 100 helps a lot right it's hard to say how easy it is to get something similar just on a rare a rare is better like a rare will 100 be better than this but this item is just so good out the gate right without any investment why is the first time i've gotten delirium nations i'm guessing right now it's around like 500 000 dps so half a million it's hard to calculate
[01:30:47] oh it actually okay the strat still works that still works uh i guess i might as well do this stuff now oh it's paused indefinitely uh it would not be difficult at all i would probably recommend that which if rizzer uh if i would definitely recommend doing that on non-hardcore yeah i think the end goal is probably to use giant's blood you'd have to get i don't know yeah
[01:31:19] getting diamond strength is not too bad it's difficult but it's not unachievable right you should get strength on gear maybe you go for you know beef stuff like that right but 100 you can use a two-hander eventually i wouldn't say it's it's wrong it's definitely got more single target 100 this build scales way harder higher with gear and stuff than corrupted blood will ever do with single target
[01:32:18] But it's a slower build, right? You know? And we can never scale Corrupted Blood to the same level that Gemling can. Right? Oh my god, just do your move already. I hate this immunity bullshit. They need to remove that mob, genuinely. Give it damage reduction or something. Not pure, true immunity. See, like, I literally can't do any damage until it does this. There we go. Now we can damage it.
[01:33:02] Worst mob in the game. Guaranteed. Teaseless. Christ, there's so many rares in this map. Oh my gosh. Okay, now he's a minion. Holy shit. I'm not lighting from that guy as well. Damn. I'm just doing the quests for Abyss has been super profitable. I want to full clear the zone. Using playing Zealots plus Empowered to Raise Zombies and Warbound Minions. Oh, wow. Zombies. Interesting. Like, true zoo minion build. Matterable.
[01:34:37] you can probably just get a pax pack too as well then warchief that's probably enough molten blast there's some pretty cool molten blast stuff out there oh seriously yeah i can imagine yeah most people play meta especially ssf like ssf is like honestly worse in software when it comes to meta sometimes it's mainly because like you just kind of have to go with a build that doesn't require much and it's super strong and then maybe you can like farm a build afterwards but
[01:37:28] it's one of the reasons why i don't like ssf is just at the end of the day you kind of some extent it feels like you're forced to do very not so creative builds clearly you know there's still ones out there like this yeah i mean yeah yeah yeah for sure you're not wrong in a sense same with my build honestly it's not like not that fast maps fast enough and for hardcore it's great because i can stand in the back and that's delirium that's full delirium as well not bad
[01:39:20] Yeah, keep in mind, that was delirium damage. Oh, no. You could always just go... It's probably Uleman. Fuck it. Oh, what? Ah.
[01:40:00] you've received oh yeah that is pretty strong you have to get to that point though did you die in the campaign two lights that's crazy all right your order is registered i actually did hear about that i did hear about zombies being like super strong now and it was a cool it was a pretty good strategy for leveling with zombies it was like give or take the best minion for campaign you don't count like suppressing fire or
[01:41:29] If I stagger my war cries like this, I don't really lose that much boost speed. Instead of just spamming the war cry. It's kind of my, like, hardcore trade. Because hardcore trade feels like it's still, like, SSF fight, right? Feels in the economy and stuff. But, you know, you kind of do have to grind a lot of the stuff yourself. Or at least, like... But you have options, right? You have some options. And I can do, like, a build that requires a unique...
[01:42:54] oh but oh i see for clearing they're not that great see that oh corvids grip one beam what's beam beam beam leveling campaign it said leveling so hit a clip it does not uh no gabriel power attacks are like when if it works if your war cry can empower an attack because i have a seismic cry right if this one goes from one to
[01:45:15] Zero or if it doesn't show up that means it had powered an attack There's other ways in power attack too, but I can sexually boosted I think counts as empowered, but I can't essentially boost Damage over time or does damage over time or Nor does packs pack the corrupting cry count as an attack. It's like I'm missing I did it all over there. I don't like instant drop all my HP now anymore when I seismic it's nice
[01:46:43] damn my hp doesn't even move i think i posted discord that website that's supposed to analyze your pv ninja see like what you're missing oh you're you're missing on damage blah blah you're missing on defense honestly it was dog it was so like i mean i guess it tells you like okay missing quest rewards missing like resistance but like those things are not really that help that's like numbers of elder as well in the orbit of ass wait
[01:47:45] You were leveling a gemling, but you did Arbiter. Damn, so you actually, damn, you fire wave phase. Jeez. I'm like, that's the thing. I have yet to do Arbiter of Ash because I'm terrified. I'm genuinely terrified of Arbiter of Ash. And so I'm just, I don't know. I just don't want to do him. My current plan is hopefully I can do enough damage to where I skip that phase.
[01:48:23] stun him so i stun him before he can like even do anything so by the time he reaches low hp he will automatically you know phase and then i just you know do the fight from there i can do the second phase fine i think i know how to do that part i should probably practice though a bit the first phase is like i know the first phase too it's just what if i misclick you know what if i does roll one too many panic this is why i like dislike maven
[01:49:04] Yeah, I mean you can get pretty far like this I have like decent stuff, but obviously missing out on these two sucks big time It's not the end of the world, right? being a most of like the Want to debuffs and stuff like that party and monster modifier stuff. I'm just a second set Yep, I need to upgrade my boots
[01:50:16] gloves like these gloves are just so terrible but apparently any decent gloves are oh wait i have eight devines maybe we can work something yeah single targets chilling yeah i'm sure i get one shot like i do there's some i will say there's some weird things where like your totems are like spawned out of bounds or something and the spikes don't seem to appear at all when they attack it's weird but uh when it comes together yeah if you can just spawn the totems right on top of the boss
[01:51:03] And the spikes appear. Boom. Deleted. Sorry, I didn't see that question. Gabriel, the reason for that is because fortifying cry. So power is different to empower. They're two different things. Empower means that effects such as seismic cry gains. Empower is one slam per 10 enemy power in range, counting up to 50 power, right?
[01:51:40] that doesn't matter for seismic cry but it does matter for 45 cry because it gives you guard for every five enemy power in range counting off the 20 power and because echoing cry halves the amount of power you get support skills count images having 50 less power it's basically you can't just be right next to a boss and get max guard you want to get up to 100 increased power gained so that when you
[01:52:05] are next to a boss with fortifying cry it gives you 20 power which means you get 1000 guard shield ish on the gem link right so that's why you get hell dived yeah that's true that's true pulling the recruits did i do any pinnacle bosses and character yet uh no well i've done i haven't played much honestly i've just i haven't really progressed that much you know i did i've done i've gotten up to bodark i have bodark available
[01:52:55] But I haven't done him yet. And I did, of course, you know, what's his name? Faceless? No, that guy. He got deleted instantly. I'm pretty sure my damage is more than fine. I'm just scared. I'm probably going to do the Abyss boss. Once I do this one, I'm probably going to do the Abyss boss. Even the Abyss boss scares the shit out of me. Yeah. Yeah, regular banner would work. But this is for the other build.
[01:53:48] i don't need like it's not that you don't want to use an entire shield just to get some more guard from for different cry it's not worth it right you do want to use you know guard on a socket get some more power this was my first time playing hardcore like this is the first i've ever gotten in hardcore so no wonder i'm scared yeah i know what you can you can do it the moment you get there's some weird totems but yeah you have to be
[01:55:28] Double 52, I think. Holy shit, what was that? Oh, there we go. Spikes can't fit, and it doesn't seem to damage. Be up to you, Warchief. You know, of course, no need to play my build. If it interests you, then have updated the guide a decent bit. It's not that up-to-date with explanations and stuff, but I think you get the gist. You understand it. Of course, you can just follow this character.
[01:57:09] Mapshots. Damn, I didn't summon Ember. Anything. Where's that last Abyssus? Oh. It's in the boss arena, apparently. Because the totems still require spirit to be summoned, Wartreeth. So, if I... So, even though...
[01:59:55] summoned warchief so if i so even though i sound like see how i'm summoning on my spirits and then i swap i'm still only on i'm still using up all my spirit to have my totems out right you can if you want you can use a mace and then you can have a shield on both sets they snapshot but not their spirit costs they still have a spirit cost it's like having a buff active kind of right it's like having a spirit gem active
[02:00:26] So the spirit gem snapshots when I summon them, but they still cost spirit to have active. Unfortunately. I mean, it'd be kind of too OP otherwise, right? They'd just be free totems. Like, no investment totems, kind of. And you just have... Which kind of is how, like, the Farfinder works, sort of. Yeah, it does kind of suck that you don't get, like... It means you can't go all in on Fortify... Or you can't really scale Fortifying Cry as much as you would like. You can still... Luckily, it still counts as a weapon, so you can still put in plus one.
[02:01:31] four guy skills and you can get a two socket to have the nova as well let's see why they're so expensive this one's good there's no res and it has no life this one's good and it's an open suffix solid item right here but eight divines listed five days ago like jeez island chiang you think he speaks english yeah i can uh
[02:02:27] Talk him to lowering the price. Anybody I can talk to him. Doesn't look like he's online. He's in China. Is it worth it? It's kind of worth it. Like, these are... They just... Can't really get much better than this. Oh, wait. What did I do? Why did I do that? Okay. Ah, maybe it's fine. I keep forgetting that I can guarantee a modifier.
[02:04:31] I guarantee on gloves. Let's see here. Chaos. Yeah, you can get chaos res once. That's the days on hit. Wow. I did not know that was a mod. Okay, it's the days and fire chaos res. These need cold res on. Oh, you're right. Weapon or jewelry. You're right. Okay, phew. Saved.
[02:05:38] I would 100% take days though. If I got days, that would be pretty sick. That would give me a way to days. Boom. Oh, crit damage bonus is good too. All of these are good. All of these are great. Did I reroll? I don't know. I don't think so. I think I have to go chaos res. I just want days. I don't need days. I need chaos res. Oh my god, I've been going... How long have I been with uncapped lighting res? Yikes. I get better boots, but I kind of just spent all my money.
[02:07:11] I guess for now, big life boost. Nice. And armor boost. That's an awesome point. I would have liked armor applies to LA, but... Res the chaos hybrid becomes T1 chaos res. Oh, that's it. I'm not going to use it on this one. What's going on here? Oh, I didn't do the visual in the last map. Okay, preserve it. Has ghoul. And there are means of damage. Holy shit, that damage.
[02:12:40] through a good bell will go hard yes i might have to consider that i use the boots here we go what does the guy do again for the balls i guess damage is pretty good once i stun it's over yeah you're kind of right it does take a bit to have you stun why would love days if i can get days somehow it means i could you get days on like when i'm like uh you can get days on on uh
[02:14:21] what am i saying cool or just more stun chance i have like the only stun chance i have right now is this this will go pretty hard doubles he's green yeah not that bad because you can get crits and stuff and damage on a of those jewels but yeah i hit so i hit so many times just any kind of you can get attack crit on green ones pretty sure blue ones have global quit
[02:16:01] yeah it just has more hp or less hp i think it's a less hp boss so that sounds easier but let's see if we can do that plus three melee can i help i'll post it right away let's just get a jewel with days do we have one maybe we have one this one is days we need to get from delirium agent rating lightning damage elemental back speed's not bad sounds like a suffix though
[02:18:07] What? Is that really damage better? Isn't there a... Let's see here. Yeah. I can see that, Varchief. In a way. Moving totems. I technically have minions. Okay. Get life on kill. That's cool. You can get crit with a despair. Oof. 25 each. That's a suffix, too.
[02:20:04] Count to... Yeah, 10% chance of days is 100% enough. Yeah, yeah. I hit so much that I'll get that instantly. Question is... What other stats can I get? Jesus, a lot of stats. There is increased attack damage. It's your lucky day. Accuracy is not terrible, honestly. I think. I don't think I'm actually capped yet. Alright, okay. So, do we just regal? I think we just regal, right? Terrible. Plastics.
[02:23:23] Oh, attack damage. Here we go. That one's good. Boom. There it is. Damn, I would love to re-roll that, though. And I can get crit on this. Imagine if I roll crit. Do we YOLO it? I want to YOLO. I want to YOLO. I wonder what's better. Crit multi or crit chance? The chance is cheaper. Bye! Well, that's what I get, I guess. It's sellable, probably, though.
[02:24:39] Wow, it doesn't even exist. Okay, 10 chaos. Alright, well, this is what I'll do for now. This one's the worst. I don't think I need... I do need the block chance. Damn. Put on damage. That's not too bad. Ooh, I like that too. Done buildup. That one's unreplaceable. I'm, like, close to, like, two points away from this. Huh. What was I going for earlier? Probably one from this. You know what?
[02:25:57] and one point i can't move it kind of not too far away from leveling but let's do this go on nothing is set in stone what does days do again it's 50 more more build some below yeah like i had to find out jump i don't think he can one-shot me i'm pretty sure i'm tanky enough to where he can't one-shot me i think look like i can just stun him but before he can even do anything that the anti-degen thing is the no recovery thing is terrifying
[02:28:18] I definitely insta-daze him there. Because you want to go... I can't remember. Oh, I'm insta-stunning now. I'm insta-stunning. Holy shit. Yeah, it was definitely worth it. This last one, though. I mean, can I kill him in one stun? I don't know. This terrifies me. Do I install a logout macro just in case? Yeah, straight up, it might be. I can infinitely sustain the break. And if I use...
[02:29:42] Thunder, I also get up to 40 increased damage taken. Wait, doesn't my macro already have this? Auth keys. Exit. Let me do exit. Does that work? F9. F9 is way too far away though. I like this one next to the one key. Can I just leave the zone and I'm fine? Let's just see. F9. Okay, that kind of works. Alright, alright. That works.
[02:31:41] That button is not working. Hmm, button didn't work. What does F2 do? I mean, I'm very attached to this character. I'll tell you that much. All right, here's what we'll do. Let's do F1 for now. I'm not used to F1, though. Fuck it. If I just slam my hand on that side of the keyboard, it'd be okay, right? Fuck, how much HP does he have? Fuck me! What the fuck? Okay, well. Jesus.
[02:33:45] I did not manage. I didn't- I couldn't even see his HP bar either. Yep. I did not manage. I thought that it was when he slams down that the anti-regen feel comes. No. It's a little orbs. It's the little orbs. I guess... I don't know what happens here. I guess I just lose it. I know what I'm saying. I can just jump in again. They still didn't fix that bug that his HP removes. It's gone. If you leave the zone.
[02:34:47] Do I... I need to change my input. Quarren's mextrace on F2. That's the thing. I'm pretty sure I pressed the button much earlier, War Chief. I'm gonna test something. Oh my god. If I press escape and then F1, it won't type it in. If I was pressing escape, don't press escape. Thanks. I stunned him fast, though. That's good. Is he immune or something there? What happened?
[02:36:53] I can't really kill him and it's one stun. On this phase. I'm playing like the present. Fuck, man. Fuck! I couldn't trigger the ball in behind me. I need to trigger all the balls behind me. That boss, man. There's three degen balls. Let's just... Let's see. How did I do? I triggered one. For some reason, that one doesn't trigger. And then it triggers. How can't I see this? Look, I guess I can just go back on my screen.
[02:39:20] Ano?
[02:40:04] Look, I did good damage. Very good damage. Actually. We can do this. We can do this. For sure. I almost stunned him while I was running away from him. I lost my DPS window. Good thing I installed that fucking, uh, bug on macro, though. Oh, come on. Fuck! I got frozen. Damn. I was scared I could actually get frozen by that. Shit. Get me out of there. What the hell? Could I? Nah, I've never seen it.
[02:42:58] Oops, I should not log back in. Kick. Oh, I'm choking. I mean, it's fun. I wish bosses were like this, you know, where you actually play well. But obviously having one life sucks. Big dicks. Yeah, I could go Enterprise Storm for sure. Can he shock me? I don't think so. Is it done? Does this even matter? Because if I... Because usually I don't get frozen because of this. Even though it says less freeze duration, it also means that if freeze is below us... Actually, I'm not really sure how it works. Maybe I'm completely wrong with it.
[02:43:58] Probably not. Probably not. Probably not. Maybe I'll get one level first. That way I can get this on both sets and have double damage. How close was I? Did I get the double stun? Oh, no, no, no. Never mind. This is the wrong phase. Did I get an instant stun, but then these fuckers come chasing my ass? Good damage, but he's hidden for a bit.
[02:46:03] I log in like an idiot. To be fair, I could have come here. I don't know. I definitely didn't want to be there. The instant life blast won't work. You can't recover life. So, does that even work? It's not degen. I don't think that it doesn't... Well, the degen is... It's degen, but the main thing is that it makes you so you can't recover life. Yeah. That's why it's so scary. I could tank the degen. 100%, I could tank the degen, I think. With just Seismicry, or...
[02:46:50] And, like, passive recovery and flask and stuff. But, like, Maven, yeah. I don't know if does it show a debuff here. Okay, see, I have this. I'm pretty sure this means I can't recover. It looks like even though you're not allowed to pause, you can pause if you log out. Yeah, mainly you can dodge. I mean, technically you can dodge it there. You can activate it and then run away. But it's just, like, it's so oppressive. I'm a pussy. I'm a pussy. Let's get another level. Maybe I need more chaos res as well.
[02:48:11] Any better boots? All right, what's next? I guess we can go... Oh yeah, 100%. That's easier pinnacles. I also have 5% life regen. It's like much higher than what normally people have. Ooh, okay, I actually have to go soon. Yeah, it does be like a bit of a boss DPS check. But even on like those builds, I know it's a bit sketchy, but I just kind of just like tanked it and hoped I killed him before I die.
[02:51:09] It just becomes so dangerous. If his arena wasn't split in the middle, that wouldn't be too bad, but it's just so rough. Like, you can't see anything, enough damage, and I'm a life build, so I just, like, start getting fucked. If I had life pool, then fine. The problem is, every time I weapon swap, I lose HP as well. If I can't recover HP, I'm just, like, deleting my HP.
[02:52:19] I'm stunning so much sooner now, which is awesome. Yeah, that was the play. 100% get one emerald for days. And you can get crit as well, which is fine, so. Then the rush, though. The fucking rush. Holy shit, my blood is pumping. God, my heart is beating. Don't get this shit in AC. It does make me like a gigapussy, though. Like, I'm just progressing way slower than I should be. I don't mind having hardcore as, like, a...
[02:53:25] Any end of the day, right? If I do die, I'll just continue playing Anastas of Core. Do the challenges. Next, the extreme. I want to prove that, you know, I can do it. Homemade build. Good shout on the Logitech macro, though. Holy fuck. I would have died. Straight up, if I hadn't had that. Are you playing the same build in SC? I haven't died yet, Gabriel Karak. But if I do die, I would play the same build in SC, I think. I don't...
[02:54:28] I don't think I'd do a new build this patch. I don't think there's enough to do. True, yes. That's true. That does happen, Warchief. Hope you don't play SC this event. Okay. We'll see. Yeah, if... I have heard about that. What I might do, I might... I don't know. We'll see what happens. We'll see. I might just do gemling. Ah, well... Yeah, I don't know. No. I could do this build again, I guess.
[02:55:23] But damn, losing this helmet? Oh, fuck, man. This helmet's amazing. Self-crafted, too. I know, I agree, Warchief. But to be fair, before you couldn't even play your character in SC, so... I do agree. I think they... I think if the migrate... Doesn't the migrate all option work? Because I know... I don't know. You might be able to migrate all or something. They had that in Peewee 1.
[02:56:06] Oh, SSF to trade. Right. Let's see. Yeah, I can imagine grabbill. Yeah, exactly. But I can't get fortifying fry diamond. I don't think... This just doesn't exist, right? Right? This thing just doesn't exist. And getting, like, stacked five weapons and stuff? I don't need that. What kind of tablets do we have right now? Nine Abyss tablets. We could do some Abyss.
[02:57:55] Are you playing hardcore, Gabriel? Or it's just like more fun to see hardcore progression? Fair, it is more fun. You know, the entire game is just more, I guess, meaningful. I'm a pussy. Fair, fair. I mean, who knows? You know, if I die in campaign, I'd be going again. I'd say. I'd probably, at that point, I'd probably just go and see. Ooh, I wanted to get a freeze charm, right? I should research the boss, see what, like, if I need...
[02:59:19] I need the Chaos Resistance. Once I don't spam Seismicry, it feels really smooth actually. I just tend to have a spamming Seismicry though. I can just walk like this. Oh my god, I ran back.
[02:59:55] Oh my god, I ran back. Holy shit, I took no damage from that. I literally not... Whoa, what the fuck is that? Holy shit, she puts on D-Gen Fields. Oh my god, that's bullshit. Touch that. Ooh, Divine Orb though. Nice. I wonder if I should go for Olumon. I like Olumon because he gives me currency from the chest. But if I can get, you know, the Swirlies, the loud tech, this is always better.
[03:03:34] i remember when i first played hc back in pv1 during the ziz z t z dps league so it was like you're forced to play melee and you had to like play shit meta skills or something and i was playing shield shards my own meme shield shards built and holy i was having so much fun like everything it just felt amazing press and then i died just a stupid mistake i don't remember what i died i died to i died to delve
[03:04:11] I had to delve. I went out of the delve, like, into the little coves in the delve zone, and I panicked. Couldn't get back to the part. And smashed every button except my logout macro. Second time. And then I was like, fuck. I was like, okay, run it back. But I was so depressed after that. But I ran it back. I had some gear. I was like, okay, we're good again. I got some better gear this time, actually. Gucci.
[03:04:41] Then I get hit with Corrupted Blood, 10 stacks instantly. And I pressed the Logar Macro button. I didn't have the Logar Macro open. And died. After that, I deleted the game. I was in bed for like half the day. Rest. It's rough. Keep Persevere. Action Element. This is... I don't know about that one. Action Player Resist is just... That's fine.
[03:05:53] I think ground is annoying, but I'll get to reach in. It looks like I gotta go soon. I could take the bus. Eh, then Ian don't wanna take the bike and put it in town. That's not sketched as fuck. The bus is like nine minutes. Okay, this might be my last map then for now. I need to st- If I stagger my seismic, it feels so much better. How much armor? That's 50% DR. Okay. Should've died.
[03:09:42] Only 89 or not. No, sorry. 91 is currently 1,000 on the ladder. Maybe it's higher than that now. Damn, I love using Sunder. That's awesome. Good debuff, basically. It's the hit chance. It's so fast, too. I probably should have paid attention. Oh, it's so mad. He just dealt on the floor. Yeah. Did I forget the fill there?
[03:14:55] okay i don't think i don't know if we want to do any of this actually i might just sell those tablets anyway i gotta go now pgs i'll give it to miso i'll see you guys later i might be on later today promises
[03:16:22] Bye bye.
