[00:20:14] That music is honestly really good. My weapon is pretty nuts. My weapon is honestly disgusting. Yeah, no, it's basically, and it's like, it stacks up all the bosses, and you can eventually, by the end, like, depending on the section you're in, like, I think when there's four bosses stacked up, you get uniques in the ritual wars. Especially here, so I guess we'll get the rares. Yeah, so they don't give you uniques every... That would be pretty crazy. You still get quite a bit of uniques, right? You can get, like...
[00:21:01] i think every you get two choices of uniques every year this is pretty good now i do want upheaval honestly but i feel like some ground is just two fusions i'm not really sure what to do by the way of course it seems to bug out oh we've got two go for armor demolisher or armor break which one's better i think demolisher is pretty better can magma bear give you multiple
[00:22:12] There's an endurance charge sometimes I've gone to Resonating shield still dead build. I mean this you got the poison baron, but my my I One yeah, we actually got an unique that's an interesting amulet a lot of damage But resistance yeah, no, thanks hardcore over here. That's a good bring I'm lighting res right now. Thank it
[00:23:16] Ooh, this is... Pure armor helmets. I need to have a regex, but I just can't... Hey, Corvitz. I'm not... I mean, sure. Looking at a hardcore build, I guess. What? What are you talking about? Have you been in the stream before? I sound like a... What do I sound like? I sound like a... Oh, I don't want to be offensive here.
[00:24:20] Quink. Yeah, that's the right word. 2018 Dota streams? I never streamed back then. Are you talking about the Admiral Bulldog? We did? Oh, shit. Okay, well. I am Norwegian, yeah. I don't sound like a bill. I don't sound Norwegian. My dad's Scottish. I went to international schools. I didn't really inherit either thing. Or a Norwegian accent or a Scottish accent. I don't remember Vuki as all as the gamer tag.
[00:25:17] I guess you have a different gamertag when we play Dota. I 100% have a different mech. Yeah, yeah, I definitely have a different mech. I'm not using a head side mic anymore. I have a blue yeti on my desk. But also, Vuki, to prepare, it's OBS doing a lot of the heavy lifting. Oh, yes, yes. I don't remember your name, but I do remember Cube. That's over. How'd you find my stream? I guess I have a link to my Discord or whatever.
[00:26:21] I was talking with Bunda the other day. He was playing Dota again as well. I was playing Dota again to be fair. Enjoying a lot of Invoker Radiance. You're Bunda! Oh. That explains that. Let's ignore this. This? Skill tree? Glorious. I love this game. Yep. It doesn't get much more complex than that. Infinite choice. Holy shit, I've never killed those guys that fast.
[00:27:47] There's the reason people are watching my stream I guess because They can't be bothered figuring out so I figure it out for them. Although that's more of my guide content It looks like that is not comparison. I would ever have made Yeah, yeah just it's it's not even like same same genre same perspective I guess it's
[00:28:46] Sure, I guess technically, Bartoskate is top-down, but it's not fixed. They're not underleveled. Yeah, that's definitely better. There's life regen. If you've never played an ARPG, I guess, you know, I can see it. Yeah, I need Leap Slam. It's going to be... It's going to be my classic return to form of the Warbringer Corrupting Cry build. But...
[00:30:20] With obviously completely different scaling and stuff. Now we're going to have crit totems. And we're going to use our war cries to stack critical weakness. As well as of course still blow up my earth shatter spikes. And then now we're also going to use spirit. So we're going to have a scepter in both sets. We're going to use the special totems of course. Not these totems. But I'm not exactly sure when I can transition. Yet. It's like getting...
[00:31:16] Getting the spirit as well as a stressful bond on the pasture tree. It's still bugged. It's still bugged. I wonder why it happens. Is it because I get it off screen before... So annoying. At least just logging out the character selects. In fact, it seems to have been solo. Some people are not realizing what I'm talking about. When I use the earthquake, it's supposed to create jagged ground, which then spreads and be exploded by a shockwave totem. For some reason...
[00:32:27] After a certain point, it just never creates shock ground. And I know there's a limit. You can only have two at the same time, but they don't last that long. Probably shouldn't do that well as a boss. My damage is so good. My damage is genuinely crazy. I don't think I need more duration. Do I? Go over here. Block something. Now I should get shitty enix. Damn, if only this worked.
[00:35:39] But 100 life on an ambulance. It's not even that good. These are terrible. Columns don't count as allies. Well, they do count as... Columns are weird. They don't get offensive buffs, which is what this gives. Let's go with these boots. I have played Dungeons & Dragons. Yes, Thorhave. Yeah. I was a dungeon master. Well, I was a dungeon master. I have DM'd myself, but not like any long games. Kind of hard to get people to commit.
[00:36:56] It was online for me. I did one in person. I think I do one impressed camera if I did one in person, but then I did the rest online through One was through map maker The other one was through iron for something forge have any recommendations Grenades is super solid DK smitten. That's like definitely one of the most solid leveling right options right now
[00:37:38] Uh, if you want, you can also use, you can go tactician with suppressing fire, which is like a one-button-esque build for leveling. You have to get your first sanity first. Interesting, I don't think I've ever done that. Showing her the fact that, you know, these girls are lesbian. You want to know the lore? And it's against the tribe to be that, I think. She killed herself. Makes I think I go for 30 level. It's just because she doesn't have that spirit. Ooh, mace.
[00:38:41] Yeah, no other prefixes. And we could Jawbone. Level 16 to 26 is pretty significant. This is such a good weapon, right? Let's see where we land. We got hybrid accuracy. DK Smitten, that's, yes, it's only mandatory to do that. But I honestly, I recommend, if you're not going to leak start it...
[00:39:17] But if you're not gonna, you know, start it with, like, spring gear or whatever, I would wait until you can get packs packed and, like, some of the items from the starter variant, right? The endgame variant, sorry. That's what I meant. Until then, like, the problem with the end... Without packs packed, it just won't feel that smooth. And also, you really want gear with plus levels at that point as well. It's not hard to get. Like, that's just dirt cheap on the auction house. But still.
