[00:40:02] I've got some trinkets. Oh, we're shorted with these. What a level right now. Oh my god. Three levels under. It's pretty bad. It's kind of normal, honestly. It's almost always underleveled. All right, D-Kiss Meadon. Good luck. Also, if you're not aware, the gemling actually got buffed. I said it in the guide, though, but there's a new rune that gives you plus one to the war price. Hard to say how expensive it will be, but I'm pretty sure it's going to be cheaper than anything else we need to do anyway, so.
[00:41:33] Pretty nice buff. Getting that last level was pretty tricky. That spirit, by the way, these spirits here are probably the most broken of the summons. Even though they don't give you a buff, the fact that they just auto-pin, like, they just pin. They don't even, they don't have no pin buildup, nothing. They just pin enemies for a really long time. And it works on bosses, too. It's just disgusting. Oh, here, armor. Armor's gonna go long.
[00:43:22] we still have in this not that much i would like but a level of mine oh phase nice before he does his little phase thing still does damage he's just pinned now he's not taking damage easy about it's a pretty solid helmet to keep his head isn't that he's pulling it by her there look like it okay oh we just talked to someone burning sands to steaming bogs
[00:48:39] Why am I getting two endurance charges? Ooh, Forge Hammer time. Forge Hammer time. Let's get Fortify and Cry, which... We need it anyway. Yeah, let's do this thing. I'm definitely scared of... Oh, you do get... Wow, you actually get a... Yeah, okay, it's Act 3. You get a support immediately. Interesting. Very interesting. Okay, that means I can get... That means I can get Corrupted Cry. Wanted to. I don't think I have gear for Corrupted Cry.
[00:50:22] On Croft of Cry is it costs so much mana. I'll do some testing and it's just without the better scaling and echoing Cry, it's just unfortunate. Like it, Cry and Cry during the strength days used to be very good for leveling, but now it's only, well, it's still good. It's honestly, it's still really good for leveling. Twink setup. That's why I have all those mana uniques. Guide. I think no mana.
[00:51:26] Legion have honestly I'm supposed to visit over here. Maybe gives me some more armor. It's not This is way more armor, but it's just It the res Okay Yeah, I want to keep a shield though Strength
[00:55:09] that's not even a bad amount of lightning damage not great do i want to go for it i need this uh the totems are starting to pop off like we're just deleting bosses now so that's good i'm still just an act three though just the introductory i want to go with corrupting cry but honestly i don't think i can plus so much mana and you like good gear it's like hard to beat that viable the trees are alive with danger
[00:56:15] i should take care this is bugged again it it puts these down on the ground like this and they just it just stays there forever can't wait to swap those just rules where your totems went off to wear faster what it's dead ends oh great i'm five levels under leveled holy what how i killed everything i've done how is ritual giving me no xp killed like three x the bosses i'm supposed to
[00:58:50] Is it bugged again? This is ridiculous. This is genuine. This has not happened before. I'm pretty sure of that. I wonder what it's related to. Why does every bug I play... Bug I play. Build I play, have some sort of... Super annoying bug. It bugged again! Wait. This one over here is bugged. I can only make one now. It bugged again. I don't know. This one's... No, we're good. Oh.
