[01:19:58] I'm getting too close here. I'm not going to miss it. Oh, come on. It bugged again? It's ridiculous. I think we're just going to have to use Volcanic Fissure. Honestly. It just doesn't do the same amount of damage. I'm not scaling Volcanic. I'm scaling totems. Shit. 16 weapon is struggling right now. I'll check again. No, this is Warbringer shout. I'll dodge shout.
[01:23:42] Totems. Much more. For single target, you use totems for sure. I feel like, how did I not level from that? Like, it's genuinely crazy that I did so much. It took me ages to do that. Even though my damage is pretty good. It's just like, you know, killing back-to-back bosses isn't normal gameplay. I just got no XP. Doing the league mechanic should give you, or event mechanic, should give you...
[01:24:57] What's bugging? So what's happening is that when I use Earthquake, it's supposed to put down Jagger Ground, which my shockwaves are going to explode, right? They like cause like two hits. For some reason, after a while, one of the Jagger Ground just bugs and Earthquake never explodes. And so afterwards, I can't put Jagger Ground down anymore. Remember, it's a lot of relog. There's a limit of two, so this is normal, right? So I need to wait for these to explode, but...
[01:25:26] I'm supposed to always put down jagged ground as long as there's no more jagged ground anywhere. Hopefully, re-logging fixes it, but I shouldn't have to re-log to play my character. So here, this is bugged right here. So this one's bugged now. See how it's just infinitely there? See this, like, jagged ground kind of earthquake effect? It's just prominently there. I don't even have persistent ground, so I should definitely dissipate.
[01:27:08] I can put down one now, but I can only put down one. I'll put that two. I don't even know. I'll say it. Okay. Okay, well, I don't even know anymore. I know it definitely doesn't work after a while, though. I am just overfilled with items. Luckily, we don't have to worry about that bug later on. We'll be using ancestral cry totems. Still. Go back. Oh, yeah, Reaper?
[01:28:19] That's glad I'm glad you're doing that. Glad it's working. Did you get packs packed first? Was it like cheap? 1x Jesus. Let's see here. Gym. Magma Barrier. Oh. I want Clarity 2. Where's level 4 though? I think with Clarity 2 or Vitality. I think one's good as well.
[01:30:09] this one's good oh wait there is a solution but it's not a solution but it will make it not as bad i think i can get quality on my i don't think i have any jump cutters though it's weird like i feel so tanky but i'm just taking it slower you know getting gear it makes such a big difference oh wait i don't have
[01:32:57] You over here somewhere. There it is. Wait, is this close now? I want some XP while we wait for the thing to... Oh, no, I did that wrong. I'll say, generally in Warcraft would be a good build, even in Hardcore, but... That was your first build. No, give me Endurance Charge. Oh, shit, I can't see anything. That would be just so much damage if my... Earthquakes worked. If my Earthquakes don't work, it's just so annoying. Good at this point.
[01:35:57] when i get the churn going it's just insane so you can make jack round via that method i don't know if jack brown even overlaps well i know it overlaps but i don't know if it overlaps with that oh i have no chance whoops i wonder if i should just do something i'm just kind of like pathing over here because i don't know i guess i hope i can eventually get more price to work at some point we do monkey now i'm gonna
[01:37:52] Just what I need Just just earthquake by itself. It's just super strong works. It feels amazing Yeah, I know Reaper shell. I mean, I'm sure growth march. I like it have been scary I'm pretty thank you Oh, so that's no one go like here. Is it he just say it could be up here. Oh my god. He stopped doing that Okay, no more sprinting sprinting is off limits
