[01:40:18] And it's bugged again. Okay. Jesus Christ. If I can just kill with corrupting fry, I guess it wouldn't be that big of a problem. But these guys. It's not this way. Oh, here we go. Easy clap. But he's in the pool. He's in the pool. Comes out swinging right away. That's so evil. My damage is good. That's actually a thing. Amulet.
[01:43:18] I can't sound like it. Legion strides. All these are good, honestly. Not at this level. I mean, Jake Jackson, to be fair, you just don't have to, right? You can ignore it. Like, all League mechanics, you can just ignore it. You don't have to do it. I think it's cool because it gives you uniques during the campaign. Like, for me, as a hardcore player, currently in this season, it's cool to be able to have, like, the extra challenge and reward.
[01:43:59] But I 100% we see where you are if you don't care about the campaign then you just ignore it There's no real you don't have to do it right you just ignore it except for maybe I think Except for the Sun boss for some reason. No, there's not none of that Jake Jackson No, unless he's trying to fish for like a low-level Unique there's no reason to do it. You don't want to XP I don't think even gives that much XP to be fair I haven't really noticed it giving any XP like that. I'm still 35 is ridiculous. Yes
[01:44:48] 10 block is 10 block. It's so good, but speed isn't this. Can I use this now? Yeah. But that's level 9. Waterways. I can't even tell it's doing that. It still works. That's why I like having this field. End game is... End goal is to have a shield only on one set. It's kind of sketchy and hard. See how it goes. If I can survive, I can focus a bit more on the Crop and Cry.
[01:48:26] aspect and use three totems instead of five let's go the wrong way or something i do actually want to pick up some of these scepters i don't want stoic scepter i want the that's kind of nice i need what spirit do i need 50 225. so that was actually enough wait how long would it i don't have to travel so far to get the ancestral bond we scuffed
[01:51:47] you are confident i give you that do you truly believe you can beat the azak tribe oh yeah flash biz give me kids i need to get better gloves those gloves are honestly terrible now check them out what's this oh chaos we could go for chaos oh here's another one i think i just want to run one-handers for now bit too risky otherwise
[01:53:13] have a deal that's how many elks do you have tax that's good max life resist we need time lighting damage both these are good you get enough all right that's a lot of armor okay that's looking good regen come on this i guess oh hybrid's nice i do want a better shield but didn't find anything level do i need this 37 and this guy's tanking
