[02:00:30] should i have to kill what's not jacked out skills oh spears can't be like melee spears that poison for sure i need anything now i think what's the resistance is that right that's golden fire golden lightning three is it i mean i i guess yeah
[02:03:04] It's definitely that. I think, yeah, you're right. Act 3 is the transition where you're kind of stuck with what you're using in Act 2. But you don't have Rampage. Like, once you get Rampage, it ramps up again. Yeah, before Rampage, it's kind of annoying. It's kind of like that, though, unfortunately. You're waiting for, like, Rampage or something else. Make it pop off. Walking Calamity. You don't get until Act 4. I heard people say it was, like, it's fine.
[02:03:39] level like it's weird like people you know some people say like oh i had a blast playing your balrog build campaign i was like oh that's great and then other people like you say they struggled a bit i don't know if it might just be like a point of view kind of thing or some like you know if you've gone faster in a different build you but i do agree the problem with bear is that you kind of just at least with the um stomp what's it called stomp
[02:04:08] the one that like makes you raise up right your two legs and then you stomp down the ground that move just kind of kills you because you stand still for so long yeah yeah it yeah it really does and you can use maul to stand up faster that is scary so you kind of just need to build there's a problem you just need to build tanky enough to where you're not dying when standing still
[02:05:22] Which you normally just don't do in softcore, right? You don't really care about defense in softcore. I highly recommend getting like a high armor piece, chest piece and stuff. Do I do Chaos Temple? I'll try and go for War Prize. I don't want to do that yet. How much gold do I have? I've been selling a lot. I also have 65 armor, which is nice. Oh wait, that was exactly...
[02:06:56] I'm gonna check something. If I go here, I can do that. Okay, that's interesting. So you can log out. You straight up can log out. Get the reset solo. I assume you have the reset solo. I don't want to wait until I get this. Do rewards from this? This weapon is just so insane, huh? I can buy something. I'll try it. You know if there's been requests through the campaign, it's not. I'm scared. Please skip them.
[02:12:05] the only thing they give is the unique once you do the four bosses right uh and items no it's not mandatory this is not like a normal league right it's just an event it's just like something special to have extra in the campaign having uniques in the campaign by no means is it that it's not supposed to do the sleuth game ah you're stuck
[02:15:14] Over as lightning res max life. Oh, yeah, you're up. So up there's some line numbers. That's air. Oh, actually, you know what my suffix in your prefix. We can get like that. But I guess our damage attacks It's like what tear definitely sold in that results. We don't have results. Hey, what does he not?
[02:17:44] Punch your mana plant. Wait, it's usually... Oh, I thought this was mandatory. I stopped putting down two earthquakes. Second Viper Lady gave me trouble. Triple Empowered. Oh, did this shrine, like, Empowered? Yeah, Viper I'm a bit scared of. That's why I still have this, like, pretty shitty... I'm a sistering, because it's, like, one way of getting Chaos Res. I think I'm pretty tanky, so... Probably the second Viper Lady. Oh, the more the Wisps. Oh, five. What's that mean?
