[02:20:33] Oh, and you had to kill her three times. Damn. Hey, why three times? Oh, right, because she was in the main picking up the mushrooms. Maybe this is... I wonder if they ever fixed the bug that, uh, where you can't sock it in prolonged duration and AoE and stuff on the minions. Block OP, man. Block OP. Just hold block. I don't know if I kill her three times. Oh, come on. She dashed out of the range. Two to the day for the Walker Idol. Honestly, it's hard to say. Do you think it's going to get cheaper?
[02:25:11] Like, that's cheap, right? Two div, that's cheap. I guess you have to consider it. Well, to be fair, I think at that point, you just buy it early. The thing is, you can use that one thing from the temple to destroy the weapon, but get back your idol, right? And then, like, then it doesn't matter what weapon you put it in, for the most part. Until you get a sanctifying item, I don't think the weapon will be worth very much, right? This is good.
[02:26:08] I've returned to 600. Is it better than what I currently have? It is, yeah. Oh, no, I lose lightning rest. You can pre-socket something, though. These grenades are Infrontal Cry better to level on this build. Are you talking about my build or are you talking about gem lane for a tool? This Warbringer, you can't level with Infrontal Cry. It's not possible as a league starter. Unfortunately. So, in that case, grenades is faster.
[02:27:03] If you could, like, if you could get the Twink setup going per tool, then 100% you'd be way faster. You got it running Infernal Cry. But Infernal Cry only works if you have the Twink stuff. And you're in maps, Reaper Shell? Like, you wouldn't catch, like, on Hardcore, you wouldn't catch me dead. I guess I can put in Force Hammer. I know you're Softcore, I know, I know. It's true, Reaper, yeah, I know. Even then, like, you still, I don't know how far you're in, like, the defensive setup, just the base one.
[02:28:05] Well, considering you're not from cap resistance, I guess not very far. You do need pre-ascendencies, right? I need a base weapon that's, like, passable, please. Okay. Okay. That's something. We can't accept the YOLO, though, because we lost our jawbone. Oh, we still have our jawbone. Higher base damage. Prefix! Prefix suffix.
[02:29:06] I should've just waited. Fuck, I should've just waited. Why did I go for that weapon? Plus level levels. It's still just worse. It's just way worse. I've not gotten any dibs yet, no. When you build your gem lane, is there any reason you didn't go for now using him slapped? Jake Jackson, are you talking about this league? Oh, you're talking about... You build your gem lane.
[02:30:08] Are you talking about like an endgame build? I know you're probably talking about your Saiya Yeet's build, right? The Infernal Cry gem link. One that like covers the entire screen, right? But yeah, yeah. So the reason is I didn't want to do his build, right? First of all, I didn't want to just, you know, do what just Saiya Yeet was doing. So I want to make my own build. That was the first reason. Second reason is that his build was extremely unique heavy. Unique heavy and, you know, fire skills and stuff.
[02:30:43] so it meant and it also meant it meant that it was pretty like weak defensively and honestly slow right so i went for fortifying cry because it's a melee tag and you can get plus two melee skills on weapons on gear all that kind of stuff right on normal rares you don't have to get a uniques right that's the one reason and it means because i know i'm pretty sure that infernal the infernal cry version cannot reach
[02:31:10] Two things. It cannot reach level 40. I think it's literally impossible for it to reach level 40. Maybe this list leads, actually. It might actually be viable this league. But nonetheless, getting to level 40 is really difficult because you need... Yeah, you want to go 38. And that's much easier to do with... There's actually several ways to do it with the melee, with Fortifying Cry. And you can't get an amulet with anemia. Level 40 on an Infernal Cry Reaper.
[02:31:42] Unless you got it. Did you get level 40 on Infernal Cry? Like on Pax Pact. Maybe you got level 40. Did you get level 40 on Infernal Cry? Like with the Corruption? Because remember, the Corruption doesn't work. But yeah, I can imagine it's specific here, right? But it's not that different for Fortifying Cry once you get that high level. And also, so that was one of the reasons, right? The second one is that, so defenses I wanted to fix. So with defenses, Fortifying Cry gives you...
[02:32:20] 1,000 guard every time the Warcry activates, right? Which means, oh, I forgot I got this. Let's do that. Which means you're, like, super tanky, right? It's like recovering 1,000 light every second, but it's, like, an overshield. Just insanely good. What was the third thing? Speed, right. With speed, it also meant I could go for an amulet that had cast on dodge, and I could run cast on dodge.
[02:33:06] With the boots. And it meant that I went pretty fast. And it was a super smooth build. I can just dodge through enemies eventually and stuff. Because at the end of the day, yes, the AoE is awesome. The AoE is fucking amazing. But it doesn't matter. At some point, the AoE is just too much. I'm sure you're killing stuff off screen, but most of the content in endgame needs damage and defense. Unlike screen-wide AoE. So I got that. Nice. Big. We are tanky now.
[02:33:49] some uh staffed bimto whatever you call it flavored water i don't know i think the price different i think the price was pretty similar fortifying cry compared to the frontal cry i think positive about that though yeah i mean i got lucky because i made the build right so by the fortifying one so it meant that i could get all that before it got popular right jake i can see that should i update the warbringer build i don't know
[02:37:20] I should, but it's hard to update stuff. I'm never really too sure what's best. What do we put in Forge? Oh, Fist of War is good. Yep, I think. I need to be very careful here not to. I wonder if those overlap. In theory, they should, because these overlap, right? You can make jagged ground overlap from a quake.
[02:39:15] I'm wondering for hardcore specifically, I might make this build to have one Corrupting Cry with packs packed and one just normal Warcry. It might not even have Corrupting Cry. Just to like gain my life back and stuff. Have something to spam. I need to spam Warprys, that's for sure. There's no tweets about it. Oh, this guy.
