[03:19:59] Here's the gear I've got. Okay, one-handers. Here we go. Good. All LA res. This helmet. I do want to get rid of this. Do you want to get rid of this helmet? I don't know. That's quite a bit. Yeah, the Battle Royale is a good league starter, yes. You might struggle a tiny bit. If you don't upgrade your gear or get, like, tanky and stuff around, like, you need to get a chest piece around Act 3, it struggles a tiny bit.
[03:20:52] Because you're kind of in between two good skills, I guess. But once you get Act 4, you use Rampage. The build evolves over the campaign, but yeah, it's a very cheap build to get through. This is interesting. I'm also playing this build in hardcore. It's a big difference. It's much more hardcore-oriented build, so. What are the reasons? I'd like more reasons.
[03:22:18] here we are we shouldn't be here this place he got a new weapon three levels before i can get the weapon here just disgusting we can get one it's that seismic card takes so long to get though like i guess it is good all right you can't get in so support too but where does it lead gold i need not much gold i feel you jake jackson it's one of those things where i'm not sure like pb1 right
[03:25:21] You get, I think it's by Act 3, you have everything unlocked, right? Or is it Act 4? But Act 4 is like halfway through the game. Or it's less than halfway through. While here you get everything by Act 5. Basically the end of the campaign. Pretty big difference, right? But. But. Here's my but. For new players, typically...
[03:26:01] I've been at a constant like unlike like what is this? What is this? You know the entire campaign I think makes a big difference Try and it also means that those skills can just be straight up very If you if you had those later skills, you wouldn't use half the skills in the game, right? Yeah, they just wouldn't Sad fact of reality like you could have whirling assault by act two. Holy shit. That's the only monk skill either
[03:26:36] All right, LA fan. Hope you enjoy it. Keep in mind that, you know, it doesn't turn into what it is on the video until endgame, right? The campaign section is pretty solid. You just gotta make sure to, you know, upgrade your gear, get tanky. Having resistances helps a lot. Armor. A chest build with good armor goes a long way. Oh, yeah, I can use this to blow shit up. Oh, fuck. I can blow shit up now.
[03:27:46] my war cries yeah you'll be fine i do explain quite a bit in that guide it's not like if you're new to poe i don't explain as much some of my older stuff about all the stuff i just had more time to write
[03:28:26] at the i'm sure you'll be fine just make sure like even though it doesn't show or like it only i don't show all the gear that you should equip just make sure that follow the gear priority right you always want to upgrade your gear just because the guy doesn't technically have an item in there doesn't mean you shouldn't have an item there definitely want items equipped once you follow that uh that priority you'll be fine pretty interesting though to play poe like now is there any reason you're deciding on playing the game now
[03:29:17] All the little times, you know, you're this close to, you know, the free-to-play 1.0, but not yet, right? And you also have... This is just an event league. It's not like a proper league. It's an event league. I've seen hardcore people die for that. Fair enough. Yeah, I mean, I guess it's as good a reason as any, you know? Looks cool. You're having fun. That's all that matters. I guess at the end of the day, for you, things aren't... Everything is new, right? So...
[03:30:13] Change that much. Just in the event league. Keep in mind that, you know, if you're playing Forbidden Rites, if it says Forbidden Rites here, top left, then you're in, like, the event league, which has, like, the boss rush thing, which is not normal. That's not normally how the game is. Never go past into this. All right. Okay, so you played a bit before, right? We need to upgrade my weapon. Oh, I see. He has five. Wow.
[03:32:50] I haven't played the game on controller or console. I don't think I ever will. Actually, no, I did play on controller for a tiny bit. Not very long. I've experienced it. This build could be a strength. Full of HP. Yeah, I can imagine. Once I add the heart swap. Yeah, I like them.
[03:34:45] through the in-game build i keep forgetting that that's a feature i never used it myself to be fair i also don't follow build guides right i just heard that that helps a lot of people i've forged a few fineries fight the good fight a good fight welcome to the here's the gear i've got hello there what mr what build is better and easy to go in the maps of my builds or just builds in general
[03:35:47] I can recommend the other warrior, right? Warrior. So warrior isn't the most popular right now. Obviously, I have my own builds, right? If you want to easy go into maps, I recommend my Balrog bear build. Other warrior builds, there's... You got... What's his name? Peewee Exile. Or is it Lazy Exile, I believe? No, that's a Gemling build.
[03:36:21] Let me think here. Right, so you have, okay. So you have Totem Warbringer, which is a warrior. Grenades. Mortar cannons, basically. You have mortar cannons that shoot out grenades that splash and just cause screen explosions. It's very heavy on the effects, though. It will blind you. Not everyone likes that. You have the Balrog Bear.
[03:36:56] Which is similar, but, you know, you're the one doing damage. You're kind of, like, walking around while just fire explodes everywhere. That's the Balrog Bear, which is actually a... It's a warrior build. Even though, you know, you think the druid is, like, the bear, you can play bear on any class, right? So those are the two I guess I can recommend when it comes to warrior. Or, like, simple straight-to-maps kind of stuff. I can show you... It would be this one. Take that out if you want.
[03:37:47] Or you know that this this build is my Balrog If you want like just slams if you want to be a warrior that just uses attacks slams like with a massive hammer and stuff Then you know the place in the end. I don't think there's anything updated though. I think most of those builds are not updated fortunately you have This this is the mobilitics which has guides is all the warrior guides that are recommended
[03:38:57] i don't want to be efficient for farm titan eraser build you know that build with contagion you want to be efficient at that point i wouldn't play warrior right but i guess you want to you want to swap eventually is how you're saying right you want to start a warrior so you then swap to a different build in that case i you know yeah i think if you want to be efficient i do think yeah so 100 i recommend that build i linked the first one so much is the
[03:39:36] What are we'll bring her this one I think that one's pretty solid right? Thank you
