[03:40:01] This stuff's good. Alright. Do I, do I, I guess I might as well craft, right? Come on, give me something good. That good? It's not even that good. Like, genuinely, it's like, not bad. Same attack speed. Same attack speed. Similar crit, actually. Technically better. I haven't...
[03:41:10] Oh, fire res. Fire res? I don't need fire res. Okay, this is a good amulet. Holy shit, this amulet is fucking nuts. This is perfect for my build. Oh my god. Wow. Just, wow. Alright. That's nuts. Yeah, you get armor gear, elephant. If you, look, elephant, if you look, if you scroll down,
[03:42:16] If you go to like the Act 1, right, you scroll down a bit. Below where like the items are shown. I have equipment priority or I have stats. I recommend you get on each item. I say armor and jewelry, stat priority, moon speed, maximum life, armor. Okay, that's actually going to car me hard. It doesn't have melee levels, but I think this is probably like really good and trade honestly. This. What did I say? What did I say? Okay, quick move, price check. Shift alt.
[03:43:23] i'm already up in four chaos mine is actually insane it's genuinely insane this is such a good item it's an upgrade not that big of an upgrade but it's not let me give you tier 13 gem as well i got doubles for that we got this we could go for this one down here at this point let's not make my own way this one panu is good
[03:44:53] I don't think there'll be a single one. I don't think there'll be a single one. I mean, we'll see. Who knows. I don't think there'll be a new build that, like, becomes meta or is, like, better than something else, right? Who knows. I don't think plus one to, like, skills and stuff from Soulcore is enough. I don't think so.
[03:47:47] It can do hard mapping content, for sure, yeah. It just requires a bit of investment, though. And compared to other builds, it's more expensive to get, like, super high damage. Yeah. Oh, I didn't mean to click that. Oh, my leveled up. He's actually really nice, too. I think he's slamming. All right, Reaper Shell. Good night. Sleep. I'll probably be on for at least a bit longer. At least, like, two more hours, probably.
[03:49:45] The event, yeah, I agree. The event thing is just kind of... For me, in hardcore, it's pretty nice because I just want... I want as good gear as possible all the time. But in softcore, you don't need that, so... Maybe it's not here. Oh, it's bugged. Rupert was actually wrong earlier, though. I did make it. I at least started a warrior build in 3.5. I think I forgot about that. I'm Custod Titan.
[03:52:32] I don't think it was my favorite anymore, but I'm very happy I made it. Let's see the new ward mechanic. I'm rich, 6 exalts. Still, this is 46? How did I level that am I? I keep forgetting that I should spam the diamond, but use it to explode corpses. Those corpses are supposed to do work. Seductive fiend. I'm supposed to get a better weapon. Do not click the ritual. If you get XP, it'd be great. If you didn't have the peace in her.
[03:57:56] i did one oh no these ox touched these guys
