[04:59:55] Wait, am I such weird total? Wait, 52. Oh, AOE is so nice. Oh my god, I don't have that on my Pathfinder. 20k gold? I got the red. Explosions feel so good. Why is that guy so tanky? That's the thing that kills Steel Mage and Heart Brothers.
[05:06:03] Even after the sky turned crimson and the sea raged, even after we cowered inside these walls and rode out the chaos, we believed the Empire would come. Not for the prisoners. Yet, we touched it began to burn from the inside out as if an unseen flame had caught within them and were certain to become violent. We told them nothing. I kind of want to go for war and cries because that means I can tank. I'm starting to like...
[05:09:42] Hey, Nick Sox. What's up? He- He Sox? Same line three times in a row? Oh, you started this league, Nick Sox? W-I-Y. W-I-Y. What does that stand for? Oh, right. That's cool. Do you mean, like, did you start the league, or are you starting the game for the first time? Man, Balrog build is a solid lead starter, for sure.
[05:12:06] But there's several people in chat that mentioned that they're starting it in case, you know, there's something you don't understand just feel free to ask any questions No worry Nick sucks Need to read your message a couple times
[05:13:05] I know when I type on a phone, I mistype all the time, but I'm guessing it's a bit more language related for you. Help me out. Can I? No, I can't. Finland. Oh, that's cool. You can say Finnish. People Scandinavian, right? I'm from Norway, so it's not too far away. Don't sound it, though. English is better than my Norwegian.
[05:14:20] I actually have a Finnish fan that plays Peewee quite a bit. Indeed. Well enough, in the Peewee space, you know, you have a decent couple of Scandinavians. Isn't... is Gazi? Is Gazi Danish or something? Is he? He's not Swedish, is he? You got Zizarin. Zizarin is also Norwegian. Oh, he never speaks it. Neither do I really on stream, anyway. But I live in Norway. Nothing counts or something.
[05:15:47] doesn't need doesn't need i mean speaking of cold winters i guess it's not winter but uh participated in a a race today like a running race i was i honestly wasn't with you it's more like just like a run a seven kilometer run but it was like a special one with obstacle course elements
[05:16:13] instead of like running just like on the pavement or seven kilometers you go up like mountains downhills in like puddles swamp and the obstacle course was like with obstacle elements running over tires bouncing on stuff those three parts where you had to swim in water ice cold water
[05:16:46] And it was piss raining the entire time. It's good stuff. Throw the stone. Sick. I'm surprised I did not fall once. And it was, like, pretty slippery. Like, some of the sections, like, my legs were going up. Like, my entire leg was just sucked in by mud. Even when we had one of the requirements was to have a headlamp on. Because we were going through cave tunnels.
[05:17:48] Which had like no lighting in it. And yet, I don't know. I was pretty dexterous. I was actually first out of my group. Which was quite surprising. I was actually quite far back initially. Because I was going to try and stay with one of the guys I was stuck with. He was really struggling. And he said he'd done marathons and stuff. I think he had like lower back pain or something. But honestly, yeah. It was honestly so much fun. Like it was genuinely... I don't know. I didn't know what to expect. But it was so much fun.
[05:18:24] And when you jump into the water, you're like, holy shit. The first time you do it, because it was pretty soon on that you jump in. I'm like, oh my god, am I ready for this? But at this point, we've already been in the rain for quite a bit, so it wasn't actually that much colder. It was colder, though. Once you got halfway, you were like, okay, get me out. There was one of the things where you had to hold the sand sack, walk around the tree. It was also in the marsh.
[05:18:59] So I walked onto this puddle and I just got sucked in. And I couldn't, like, lift my leg up. I had to, like, lean over and use my shins and, like, knees. And I just, like, waddle over and around. 18 degrees is that tough. I don't think it was actually that cold in the water. I'm not sure. Maybe in the ocean it was. We went in a lake and then in an ocean. Or a river, lake, and an ocean. Three different sections.
[05:19:40] I was just so pumped that I didn't really feel it that much. Oh, you have a pool. Wow. That is definitely, I don't think it's even a luxury here. It's like unheard of.
