[05:19:55] That is definitely, I don't think it's even a luxury here. It's like unheard of as pools here. Obviously because it's just too much work, right? You just freeze over at some point and I don't get a pool. I believe you.
[05:20:36] Oh, I did it before you could even do anything. Oh, I'm amazed. Pop in with this. Oh, where did he come from? Put a bunch of anthro-freeze. Right, of course. Isn't that the whole point of anthro-freeze, really? The pools? If I had a pool, I would definitely swim a lot more. I do like swimming. I did a bit of swimming. I was in university and in high school.
[05:21:49] But my nearest swimming pool is just not even that far away. I don't really like swimming in the ocean. Nice bang. I think before we do this, we do the expectation.
[05:23:42] Here's the gear I've got. Deal. Dang, that's a lot of res. Unsellable, though. Asian? Here's your gold. No harm, farewell. What can I do for you? This thing is so terrible. Genuinely, it's just awful. You can buy a better helmet? What can I do for you? Go make some legends.
[05:25:59] There we go, Plunder's Point. Yes, yes, you'll see.
[05:26:41] what do we have here? i hoped you could tell me makeshift lodgings? excavation markers? yes this looks like but she didn't finish what she said what stopped her? i'm sure she had her reasons to cut and run there's all manner in any case it seems when you're ready farewell can't they probably check some of the gem cards but let's stop that undiscovered the passport
[05:28:49] It seems a risky occupant. Now we've finished. Oh, it's not right. Right at all. Blood fever. Magnus. Be a can to save my cool. What? He's finished. This was to protect. Now it burns by his hand.
[05:33:58] Thanks for tuning in. I'm going to be heading to bed very soon once I have finished Act 4. I have a full day at work. Oh, so work? On a Sunday? Jeez. I guess, yes. Sunday, right? The trail of devastation ends here. Wow, you work at a casino. Interesting. Shit. I guess that makes sense. Yeah. Fair enough. Hope the house wins. Work. I don't know. It doesn't. I'm not sure what works the most in your favor.
[05:35:15] Then again, we all know the house always wins. Actually, don't you get, like, if you're a card dealer, you can get a good day. Any event reward items this patch? You mean like this? Yeah, so there's challenges for the event. You got locust footprints, rare finisher effect, guardian pets like this. This wisp is your pet. That's pretty cool. And level up effect. I never use any of that.
[05:36:27] i just don't like using mtx in the campaign someone got tipped 30k of a three win wow okay yeah please who does you in the near future i mean i think the level up effect is pretty cool level effect is pretty nice say mid rewards but has the rewards ever been better than this i mean i don't know i guess to be fair okay people like armor effect like armor sets usually challenges has a full armor set right
[05:37:08] Not the case this time. I'm getting in play with the armor from last league was sick All right, have a guy we got easily careful resistance fuck that actually hit me Jesus. Oh Yeah
