[01:19:55] It does not do much damage. If someone dies of the blood, they will die of the blood. The blood does not do much damage. It does 13% physical damage. But otherwise, it's just a bonus. It just looks cool. Of course it looks pretty tough. Arctic armor gives you a lot of armor. But if you feel that you're thinking enough, you can just try it.
[01:20:28] If you can min-max gear enough to get better gloves or something like resistance, you can also use Spirit for Absent Aluminate instead of Global Armour, Evasion and Energy Shield. Technically, you can just take this one. If you'd like to try to use Nine Midas, you'd like to use it. If you'd like to use Spirit on Amulet, you'd like to use it here.
[01:21:03] No, that's what you have now is actually the best way to get if you want to have a plus 4 If you want to have a plus 4 and you have 2 resistances, that's already very good Plus you have understood that you have enough chaos res to just replace it with resistance Just think that you can actually... Oh no, this is soul course, you can just use soul course
[01:21:34] You can also get Six Socket Ghost March. It can be quite expensive. It's impossible. But it gives you a bit more tank, right? For the idea of Fortify and Cry power. You can't, you can't, you can't. No, you have, you have, you have, you have, you have, you have, you have, you have, you have, you have, you have, you have, you have, you have, you have, you have, you have, you have, you have, you have, you have, you have, you have, you have, you have, you have, you have, you have, you have, you have, you have, you have, you have, you have, you have, you have, you have, you have, you have, you have, you have, you have, you have, you have, you have, you have, you have, you have, you have, you have, you have, you have, you have, you have, you have, you have, you
[01:22:11] The problem with damage over time is that you can scale it in two ways. Levels and increased damage. Most of the other builds have crit, or multiplier, but they don't have it. It means that regardless of how much currency you can use, you won't get any other builds.
[01:22:41] But that's the one thing I wanted to show you. Crimson Jewels. You can have Global Fizz, right? Crimson, isn't that right? I don't know how much you can see Warcry here. Oh yeah, I gave a fail. That's right. They booted to Pv2, right? It's a fail. Have you seen how you can make five stat jewels? Five affixes. What is it with this website?
[01:24:27] You can use desecrated modifiers. If you can make a 5-stat duel, you have 3 prefixes. You have global fizz. Warcry.
[01:25:59] This is the best thing you can do. You can use 3 prefix Ruby.
[01:26:49] With the bug, it's not so much to say about what you have on the suffix. You don't need to use the bug. It's not a bug, but they haven't updated yet. So let's fix it. Maybe it's just how it should be. You can follow a video on how to do it. You also have the prefix. You have the effect of prefixes, right? And three prefixes. Man, that's great.
[01:27:21] Of course it will cost so sick, but I think you understand how to use it. So that's the best thing I can help you with. Good luck. If you are with Ultra Min Max. It's pretty exciting. I think I will have your ninja open. Just to see how much you can use it on Min Max. It's crazy what you have already. I'm very impressed. Of course you can get better voices, but...
[01:27:57] I've never had so much currency that I can buy something, it was crazy. I feel like it's not a wits, but people like it, so that's my max. If you can kill all the pinnacles, do the most content, I don't think so much more. I tried it yesterday, okay. One thing I would say is that Bear's Anguish is worse than just a Dowsing Charm. I would say just a Dowsing Charm, actually. Bear's Anguish is not good.
[01:28:34] If you use Dazing Charm with duration, less charges and so on You can also use, well I don't know how many mana you need, but I think you can use the unique mana flask
[01:29:20] Oh yeah, okay, interesting. Yeah, okay, I understand. Was it for the beginning of the mana year? The flying stuff in Expedition? Yeah, that's right. Yep, yep. No, it's smart.
[01:30:00] Okay, I don't know. This is both in our game. Question about the corruption wing, but you have two casts on dodge, one from Anna, one from Spirit Jet. When do I... When I do that, only one cast on dodge works. How do you get both to work? Both should always work, Pimp Nug. Do you not have two in the top left here? When I do that, only one cast on dodge works. How do I get both to work? Both should work? You need to make sure to...
[01:30:30] Put stuff in your castle and dodge. Your second castle and dodge should appear here, right? Only the amulet works. Ah, okay. So if only the amulet works, that's probably... Do you have the... I mean, you must have it, right? But I assume you have... Wait, can I show this on screen? Yeah. Do you have this? Adaptive capability?
[01:31:05] Because you need adaptive capability to ignore requirements. Okay, you do have that. Do you have a skill inside it? Do you have a skill inside Castle Dodge? In both of them? I don't think what else could be wrong, though. It might just be a bug. You have a required spirit, yeah. You sure? Yeah, you have the required spirit. Damn. Oh, no. Okay, so the solution, just try this. So just go into your... Get an uncut spirit gem, make a new one.
[01:32:04] Take the one you have. Create a new one. Right? Castle Dodge. Who has Castle Dodge? Sky Monk. Make another Castle Dodge. Add the quality to it. Add the sockets to it. And then socket that in instead of the other one you have now. See if that works. Honestly, that has fixed problems in the past. Just randomly Spirit Gems just decide to just break. And it won't work.
[01:32:45] So, hopefully that solves it. Sounds like it's a spirit issue, but I don't know. Sometimes it is just that. It just straight up breaks. Ooh, I have six Omen of Resurgence. That means I procced. Wow. Does it take that much damage? I feel like I should be invincible right now, but I'm still a life build, I guess. Oh, wait, is this a max res map? Oh, it's a penetrate map and extra chaos. I wish there was a way, like...
[01:34:54] the rituals. I wish there was something that indicated where the other beacons are. What is this? Oh no, we did sample. That was it. Let's see how many there are in the map. Break armor is kind of bad, but it's fine. Oh, well, they're gonna be tanky as fuck. That's it. That's the only one. Just one. I'll attack it.
