[01:59:56] Can you only do them once? What is that? That's bullshit. Okay, we can do Alter Sacrifice there. Okay, we have a Synth. Oh, that applies to Flesh Reaver, though. What about Golem? It's worth more. How much was this worth? 2.5. Architect Orb. What does a double Corrupt do? Corruption Chamber. It gives you the Architect Orb. Oh, okay, so this is actually better. We're gonna kill Ziri, and this one is...
[02:01:33] By the way, Generate Soul Corp Wailing should give an extra level to the skill gem. Yes, it does. But obviously, if you're at level 40, pack's packed already, then getting plus one won't do anymore. But yes, I added those into the guide, Pipnug. Sort of. I can't add them to the weapon because of how Mobilytics doesn't have it yet. But I added at the top of the guide, I mentioned them, and I also mentioned the...
[02:02:15] let's go to this guy yeah but i highly recommend i recommend if you can get sword spirit somewhere else or just don't use herald of blood or cross armor or whatever ice armor and that's super good that's big money big money 40 is max so that the 41 is only if the the only reason is 541 is corruption if you corrupt fortifying cry for plus one it does not apply to pax pact
[02:03:09] If you look here, for example, you see... This has a skill jump. This is level 25. This is level 25. But if I were to corrupt Fortifying for plus 1, this would still be level 25. So you've got to make sure to check and hold alt on this skill. Not Fortifying, you've got to check on this skill. That has to be level 40. I should really stagger my Seismic. Technically, it's less... It's increased, but it feels smoother.
[02:04:56] that feels like more damage too i don't know if i have to do anything more there we go it's your first pinnacle well not yeah it's actually our first pinnacle boss if we kill her back this music is still the best in the game i do think honestly it's the most evocative i should here we go where are you guys if you're under 18. expected it of you my most loyal pet may have studied it doriani but you do not know it like i do
[02:07:46] Pretty good damage, pretty good damage. Ooh, dodge rolled. Easy, clap, that's how it's done. All right, loot time. I completed one of the quests, yes.
[02:09:34] The boss is down. I have to digest. That's all I got. That's a bit better. The quiver says that's it. This is good though. I actually got quite a bit of rewards. I won't complain. Damn, doing it's serious. Worth. I'm pretty sure this is worth nothing. This is actually worth something? Wow. Huh? Okay. Well, I guess I shouldn't complain. Why?
[02:10:59] Is it deflection rating? This is like the worst one possible. Let's step next. Yes. Damn, I got four cultivation orbs. Holy shit. Wow, it's four for one. Okay. So, if I want to do... I can do four. Or 11. 15.
[02:12:14] okay so that's gonna hopefully bring me some bank your order is registered how much is the 160 250. oh this is kind of are the totems only there for single targets uh yes and no you can use totems just to clear now honestly i i'm using it for clear because i on soft core i you know
[02:14:23] Want to be careful and having a totem out is much safer than not having a totem out. So I do kind of use them for clear. I mean, I can kind of show you. One last map for the road. I need to go over here anyway. I don't know, I took a lot of damage there. That's just me doing damage to myself. You can kind of use it to clear, right? Because you can explode corpses. They're different ways to play, I guess. I could just walk around like this. Or I could put down a totem and occasionally use...
[02:15:41] Seismic. Oh shit, we're ruined. No problem. It's honestly a similar playstyle to Hakan it was before. You can 100% scale Croft and Cry to the point where it can do most of the clearing if you want. I haven't done that in this version anyway. Get more damage out of the totems. What's going on? I mean, it's 4.4 million? Why does it have so much HP? More monster life. Still low. Do I skip the Croft and Cry and just scale totems instead?
[02:18:16] The difference now is that I don't know if you're aware of how Corrupting Cry works now, but it's based on melee levels and stuff. So I'm giving up nothing. I'm kind of giving up nothing. I'm scaling totems as much as I... Hardcore, so I'm not scaling my totems that hard. None of my jewels are giving me any damage.
[02:18:40] people like if you go crit and stuff yeah but the totems like the war cry is just an it's just an extra button pretty much that's all it is it's just an extra button i'm like losing nothing by going it because i want all the work like all the war cry stuff i have on set one i want to set one anyway right because of seismic cry right because you need seismic cry too
[02:19:01] explode earth shatters which is what my totems are putting down you can if you want you just use sunder instead and have the totems do everything but i kind of like that combo and the main reason i'm using that combo is because of this halding beast what requires inflict three critical weakness on enemies
[02:19:19] And this means that I give basically 10% base crit to my... It's like giving my another weapon worth of crit to my totems, which is insanely powerful, right? I also give my totems damage via Deafening Cries because I work on recently. You know, I explode corpses, all that kind of stuff, right? Debilitate. The Fortifying Cry is just to help with, you know, clearing like stragglers and stuff, killing white mobs and giving you a shield.
[02:19:52] I just have to press it. You don't have to press the button, right? It doesn't really change too much, but I'm pressing it because I can.
