[00:00:57] Let me in. I don't think the queue is going to be there. Test, test, test. Why don't I do that? What we could do now. Get. Filter may be ready. Oh, I don't have a link for what I'm going to play. It's one of the things where I'm not. This is hardcore. I guess it might as well link to my old build. Yo, Ito. Welcome in. Welcome in. Ito, how do I still have subscribers? I have eight subscribers still. How's that? What? I don't think I've streamed for like three months.
[00:02:24] Die hard fans about you're one of them. Oh, I know, you know I check that I check yourself Yeah, I guess it's all the subs. Yeah, I'll be updated commands up my you know And I'll add in warbringer It's not technically a new build be temple For me, but yes, yes more like a rehash or
[00:03:49] hmm a rework i guess maybe that's more of a right word reforged there is a pub yes uh let me see you but oh awesome i would love to hear that eleanor glad you're enjoying it there's been a bit of concern with the balrog build because of you know how it got changed a tiny bit in 0.5 but
[00:04:21] I'd do some testing. It's still a good build. People seem to do just fine. It's perfect for least art. It's just so cheap. It's hard to scale super high-end, but... No, it didn't get nerfed. No, it didn't get nerfed. The version you were playing has not been nerfed, no. When I first made it in 0.4 and then over to 0.5...
[00:04:47] They made it so that triggers such as the footsteps from Ancestral Cry and the Walking Calamity Meteors can't trigger spells anymore. Which made it a bit... It didn't really make it that much worse. Because you didn't trigger spells anyway for most content. Spells never procced while you were clearing. There's many for rares.
[00:05:17] uh and then you can for various you're using molten crash and molten crash still proc spells so and then i made a titan version in 0.5 as well to accommodate for that just in case i actually updated the titan version very recently with crit setup i should have it i was kind of messing around with the titan for a lot and i didn't find anything too special with it and then i was like wait a second just give it a scepter and get crit uh let's see here
[00:06:01] oh i need to get it i mean i i know i say zero button people like i have that little asterisk like it is zero button once you click those two buttons and but you can press molten crash you know you can press successful car you don't have to but i mean that's a warrior totem and stuff
[00:06:35] Oh, I also changed all of the guides, Alonor. I don't know if he noticed. Apparently, I didn't know this. Well, I suspected it. I suspected this for a long time, but I didn't confirm. But apparently, Forge Hammer. Yeah, so Forge Hammer, this does not stack with other fissures. So fissures from like Fear of the Mountain and Forge Hammer, they can't do damage at the same time. Only one does damage.
[00:07:08] So I removed Forge Hammer from both the endgame and the Titan, both of these, because Multicrash was going to do the one doing most of the damage anyway. So it was just kind of annoying, right? It was just annoying. Like, you were just being annoying. So I just replaced it with Elemental Weakness. So Elemental Weakness is just a big damage boost to everything. So both builds have Elemental Weakness now, and it should... Like, I was like, before I had tons of... I still have it. I still have...
[00:07:37] fire penetration which i think is still good for clear because you don't want to cast curses for clear right but for bosses especially now that they've nerfed resistances on bosses this is a big damage boost like an arbiter no not arbiter on the arbiter of divinity this is like 20 or 30 more damage which is insane and you're not casting any more skills because you're using this instead of infernal uh force hammer
[00:08:18] Now I'm going to play this old build. I guess I can favorite it now maybe. This one. This is what the Warcry build was before the gem link. I had to use totems for single target. The Corrupting Cry just wasn't that good back in the day. It was good enough to clear early on, but it kind of fell off. So I'm going to reconfigure this into...
[00:08:50] a build that can be played in 0.5 or 0.55 this current version is like technically playable but it before you scale strength and stuff which i don't do anymore so i haven't updated anything though yet actually what can i do i update stuff here yeah this version was so cool though this version was so cool and they were like you know what let's nerf hate forage into unusability
[00:09:32] They nerfed this build so many times. Mid-league as well. Like, builds did not get nerfed mid-league. But for some reason, they had to nerf this one. Which is just... I don't understand. It wasn't even that good. I think it was pretty good. But it wasn't, like, good compared to, like, some of the meta builds, right? I think it just lagged our servers so much. Because you spawn so many totems. They had to cap it at 10. And then after they cap it at 10, they, like, nerfed the attack speed. And then they nerfed Hatewatch. Uh...
[00:10:06] Eleanor, yes, there is a workaround. You shouldn't lose any buffs. If you do, it means you configure it a bit incorrectly. So, where do I have this? Frequently Asked Questions? No, no, no. Do I have this Frequently Asked Questions? Yes, here we go. Why is it such a director when I swap the human form? You need to have it selected for both sets, not just set one.
[00:10:38] And then what you need to do is you actually need to select it for set two first, then set one. Because if you put it in set one, it won't let you select set two. It's super weird. There's so many weird, like, finicky bugs. Can I swap the Magnet for Talisman with Ignite Magnitude? Yeah, sure. Of course. This is one of those... What did I put in here? I put Spirit, I mean, yeah. You can use anything you want. You don't need Spirit, then, for sure. I do think this is really good. Like...
[00:11:10] This allows you to ramp endurance charges a lot faster early. And basically always have endurance charges, right? But the other two, you know, it's whatever. Yeah, I don't know. That would be pretty unviable to weapon swap if every time you lose your Ancestral Kroy. It's weird though. It's so buggy because it gives you the armor of the bear. So it gives you the bear armor when you swap. So you have like floating textures. Anyway, but it still works.
[00:11:47] Because the thing with the ignite magnitude, Eleanor, is that our ignites aren't doing that much damage, right? We have so many small hits that the ignites aren't doing that much. But what they are doing is that they're giving us more energy for comets, right? But the problem is, I think on bosses, I'm not 100% sure about this, but I think that every hit we do with Molten Crash is enough to trigger one comet.
[00:12:13] which means uh getting more ignite chance or ignite duration ignite magnitude uh doesn't actually give you any more comments i think i mean if you're doing it on the titan version then i guess hard to say was because attack damage also means more ignite right it's not in magnitude ignite magnitude is a uh a separate multiplier right act one what are you oh wait i have this here don't i was your copy
[00:13:06] oh this is gonna be annoying track build can i not like set a character to do this no that's not the one back build here we go okay i'd select the character first for now we're not gonna uh maybe just delete this for now we'll delete all of this uh if i fix this this is with it let's do this end game utilizes testro earth shatter
[00:14:41] add this to all um i guess we can have this just in case we don't want people to hate people in case people clicking on this guide expecting actually what i planned is this bill good great question yeah i don't know you see i chatted with aion and actually said ignite does proc more comment i don't know is it wrong forever i mean no that's correct illinois that is correct ignite yeah so ignite magnitude would indeed proc more comments yeah as i explained
[00:15:31] the thing is but there's a cap right it's weird so each ignite can only give you a maximum of 100 energy right you can only proc one comet any more than that and it's wasted so this build i don't know i usually don't like saying like oh you should try the thing that i'm trying right because i don't know i don't know if it'll be good well it'll be solid i think it'll be solid but i'm gonna be playing hardcore right
[00:15:59] And that's one of the things I like about this build is that it's a bit more hardcore-oriented. It's slower. It's, like, it's not as comfy as other builds. But it'll be somewhat League Star friendly. I personally would not follow this, though. I wouldn't follow what I'm doing unless you're really interested in playing a warrior. Yeah. Until I can, like, showcase what it becomes, right? But it's definitely going to be a slower, like, a bit more buttons and stuff, so.
[00:16:34] There's plenty of other good builds. You know, I know... Honestly, I know... I don't know why. I mean, I guess people can do what they want, but PopGun made this build. No, he didn't make this build. He made a guide for the build. Specifically. This build was already out there. You know, I prefer Josiah Yeet, but... This guide's honestly pretty good. It's well explained, right? But isn't it a solid build? It'll get you pretty far.
[00:17:09] gonna play something i have then i can you can try this build the fart finder if you haven't already i updated it recently to now use chevron's satchel so it solves the recovery and like defense a bit quite a bit early on because before it was kind of like iffy without mage blood and that's never a good sign right but now i think with chevron's satchel it's gonna be pretty solid the only problem with this build though is that it's it has a lot of moving parts so there's a lot that can go wrong
[00:17:39] But it's a one button build, like super smooth. It's definitely, once you get this build online, it's like my best build ever. But as for the gear, it can get kind of expensive, especially here. Not like meta super expensive, but it can get expensive. And the single target, it's not that great early on either. That's what I recommend. And the reason I recommend that is because you actually want like a build with CI doing chaos damage, which is what this is, poison, right?
[00:18:13] uh because of the new trial the new trial of chaos will be probably i mean it's one of the only things the new content in the game right so you only want to try the new content and this will be good to ignore a lot of the mods in the chaos trial i had a pob didn't i wrong pob i've seen that you can go you can go like here so this this smash i think is good but maybe it's not that good don't get that much damage though like getting nice it's just two points to get so much damage
[00:19:44] up here and you go down here so this is one two three four five six one is one two three four five six seven eight nine ten
