[00:19:55] two three four five six seven eight nine ten yeah okay i can see why they go for that do i don't need to go this direction either so we can go one two three four five two hold in one right no two one two three four oh that's only i actually gained a lot of points yeah i think that's fine need these nodes here roaring cries let me just swap some of this though oh that works
[00:21:07] 120 points here. I think this is mandatory to get some data we have. What else can I do? No worries, Eleanor. I'd like to respond to messages in chat. Shaman Calamity. Oh, right. I've not tried Shaman Calamity. I will say that the Balrog build can 100% be adjusted to work on a Shaman. The thing about Shaman...
[00:21:55] The thing about Shaman is that you don't want to take this node here. You can't take this node. This could be pretty cool. Druidic Champion. But you do lose Fire Spell on hits. Because the problem with Calamity on Shaman is that this makes... Actually, I'm not sure about Calamity, but I know Accessible Cry, the steps, consume rage every time you take a step. And if you have any kind of supports, you basically delete your rage. But I've not tried...
[00:22:31] shaman with calamity are you talking about maybe this one apocalypse what do you mean like just walking calamity because i've not i've not done bear shaman at all oh shit q's up oh no i didn't notice 1000s q's up q's up log in log in one you want to go this 12 area you go for this just for 12 area i don't know okay what level is this level 18 okay not too bad
[00:24:02] surprisingly but still that's like end of act one though is it actually that's set one you pretty want to go oh no rip eleanor i mean i to be fair i don't think this league is there's not going to be as many people here for this like league event season uh compared to like a normal season so i doubt the queue will be that big this is very interesting raise shields and flick parrot like that's
[00:25:13] A lot. I wonder if this is like genuinely your best set. Actually, whoa. I just realized how good this is. This could actually be insane. On hit. Wait, on hit. Wait, what does that mean? Raise shield. You actually have to hit with raise shield? When I get hit. Is when I get hit? Two seconds isn't that great. But still. It could be pretty crazy. This is act one. Act two.
[00:26:32] Actually, I don't think I'll even have this by Act 2. I'm not really sure what I'll do by Act 2. I could go Resilute Technique. I really want some block. I want to go, like, here, probably. Defense. This. I actually want that to be good. Because we need to go over here, potentially. Move all-in on totems? I don't know about that. What was this? 31. This, I guess? I don't know. Oh, crap.
[00:29:40] Rename to 3. 3 is going to be different. I'm going to try out OG. It's one of those things where all the builds I make guides for, I usually, you know, I'm either already playing it or I have played it, right? So beware. Now, of course, this is a re-endition of an old build, so the theory should be fine, but it still has a lot of new stuff in it. And I'm going to play hardcore.
[00:30:33] just disclaimer if you want yeah of course you can find uh i will what i'll do i'm not sure yet what i'll do i might just put it on the moba i can post the pobs i guess but the problem is usually when i make pobs i end up like completely switching up a lot of stuff anyway when i actually play my character i don't want to bait like i don't want to like tell people to do something and then i just completely do something else you know
[00:31:07] So ideally, people just, you know, follow me on stream. If they want to play the build that I'm playing, they can follow my stream, right? And I'll usually update as I go along. Thank you, ReaperShell. I appreciate that. Why are you going the Corrupting Cry gently again, Reaper? I mean, just FYI. Well, I think you already were in the Discord, right? Telling me that you were unsure, right? But you know that you can't start it, right? You have to do a separate build.
[00:31:41] for a gem for a mercenary that's fine oh yeah oh gee yeah i mean still honestly like when it comes to my builds the pathfinder is the one i've been done the most uh and it's it's also what i end my leagues on because i feel like i can invest a lot into it and it just feels so smooth and good and this this version in 0.5 is no different right it's not as it's much definitely a lot more expensive though
[00:32:20] than what the 0.1 version used to be which was like you know equip some items equip the boots equip like high level brutes and you just like kill everything not like that anymore but still pretty good fair enough reaper shell fair enough yeah it doesn't like a good plan i i don't think the i think the build works fine it's just there's some obviously like sanctifying is going to be quite difficult early on but i don't think you i don't think you need to sanctify
[00:32:52] Like the amulet, you already know that you don't need the amulet, right? All the other stuff is cheap, right? It's just getting that last. It's like going from the 80% to the 100% is like the really expensive part. Once you got packs packed, I think you'll blast through at least the first couple tiers of maps. Okay, so new. Okay, this is like minimum. We go for increased area tax. Maybe we don't go for that, actually. I guess it doesn't matter. We don't want to...
[00:33:39] oh wait wait wait wait we go something like this actually yeah that's the thing that's actually a good now that you imagine that's one of the reasons why i don't play the pathfinder at the start of the league because i know once i played pathfinder i don't want to play anything else because nothing else feels as good i mean that applies to the corrupting fire build as well honestly but luckily that's why i played pathfinder after and also why um when i played the shaman the bjolnir build
[00:34:52] I just wasn't satisfied no matter what I was doing. What little is this? This is little 45. Damn. What can we get? I mean, maybe we don't go for this. We're going here anyway. Okay, we're going there anyway. It's little 49. Jesus. There's nothing I can put on set 2, is there? I guess I can put this on set 2. But you kind of want this. You need that extra life regen.
[00:36:04] what's everyone asking death of the micro transactions playing yeah firefighter yeah i mean both corrupting fire and farfinder on like that same tier i do think farfinder kind of scales higher though many because it just has more scaling options right if you use i guess you can go here you don't i kind of want the tax feed though not that that'll work this is really good for forge hammer little 49 character which
[00:37:31] Not really Act 3. It's like end of Act 3. You can like remove this. I don't know. You need this. You need this. Otherwise, you just can't sustain War Cries that early. I was testing it. It's just terrible. Also, before you... Well, if you're not already in the queue, make sure to change your settings to DirectX 12 if your PC can handle that. Now that I fixed that. It actually changes a lot for my streaming as well because now I can stream capture the game a lot easier.
[00:39:01] what about kind of gear you can get at this level the synergy though if you want to look at what i'm actually planning to do grit like just this node here is pretty cool it allows me to basically apply maximum critical weakness with just by spamming war cries and of course this one which gives me damage when i apply war cries and it just buffs up my totems to an insane degree because normally well i guess now that totems can use your weapon it's easier to skill crit but this way it's even easier to skill crit
[00:39:44] I wonder if these nodes actually work. I'm not really sure how that worked. I assume once my totem's crit, it cancels them critting, so it won't get that anymore. Or if it snapshots from me. What's up to say?
