[00:39:55] shots for me i'll be using essential bronze now instead of endurance charges to get totems problem is the defenses the defense is not bad warbringer is a pretty tanky class but i don't know if it's enough i have this wheel and that's it i think that's literally it i have block right i have block i don't think that's enough i think i need to watch my armor if i can get armor on jewels maybe that's fine
[00:40:42] Why does it say reduced armor break taken? Why can't this just be immune to armor break? Like genuinely. There's nothing that removes evasion. Well, I guess it's technically. There's stuff that reduces evasion, not removes it entirely. You have this note. Wait. Give this note here. Sanguine tolerance. Immune to corrupted blood. This might be a really good anoint in this league. If you can do Temple of Chaos. I do want to go this note. This note is pretty cool.
[00:41:47] you know that no we can do that but he's also on powered attacks this is 16 though oh my god oh my god oh my wait is that true yo reaper you listening in just get that on julia i have armor but guys guys guys guys guys this is gonna exist how do i say oh my god that's insane
[00:43:04] That's so insane. That's gonna make the build like 1 billion times cheaper. It has to be socketed in a weapon. Which isn't really a problem. Is that a problem? I don't think it's a problem. Yeah, so we're just using double spirit, right? Which we kind of do need, don't we? How would we get 15? You can get it on boots, I think. Right? Maybe? Oh no, that's a... No, it's not a socket, is it? You don't really want spirit on your amulet. Yeah, that would be...
[00:44:28] hmm what would you drop there's nothing you can't really drop anything that's so interesting though oh my god that actually makes the build like one times just significantly cheaper significantly cheaper okay how do i'm gonna add this to common new soul core in weapon five plus one two war price so reaper shell the in the dark microtransactions i saw
[00:45:21] We can look in the chat when I post it, but there's going to be new soul cores, right? They're adding new soul cores. And one of the soul cores is plus one Warcry skill gems. That's nuts for us. Like that's, oh my, it just, it just solves a lot of problems, right? You still do need, like I, it means you don't need a sanctified, I don't know what's easier, the gloves or a sanctified weapon, but.
[00:45:58] Basically, it solves a lot, right? Just one less level you need to get to squeeze out, right? Well, that's a nice buff. Real nice for us. Is the bear build still good? Yes, bear build is still good. I also made some changes this recently to buff it up. So if you want to play the Titan version, you have crit now. And both versions also have...
[00:48:28] a mental weakness instead of doing that weird, instead of using Forge Hammer. Forge Hammer was honestly clunky and it was doing literally nothing because fissures don't stack, apparently. So, yeah. So Reaper, you're up. You're big. I mean, I don't know how expensive that thing's going to be, but I doubt it's going to be that expensive, right? More expensive than squeezing out a plus one somewhere else. Isn't Sesh the Thrag Cry thing bugged? The only thing that's bugged with Balrog is that...
[00:49:08] Well, there's a couple things, but nothing that breaks the build or anything. This one here, so in patch 2.5, you need to socket a separate Ancestral Cry. I put that in a bar because then you can see how much it charges up. But it still works, right? You can also just spam Ferocious Roar when you have like six endurance charges. Usually you have enough glory by then. It basically just, it's harder to tell when you can use Ancestral Cry. That's what changed.
[00:49:44] And there's also this thing where this one... That's not the bug. Actually, which one? This one where you have... If you walk into Abyssal Depths, it randomly deactivates Successful Cry sometimes. Yeah. But nothing that breaks the build, I would say. True, yeah. Reaper Shell, true. Yeah, I wonder how I'm going to figure out the spirit. Great question. I mean, 100%. It's mandatory to have the plus one. It's not mandatory, but you definitely want the plus one, right? What would you drop? I guess you... I don't know what you'd drop.
[00:50:31] gloves maybe it means you can have like actual good gloves not really actually it means on this version you don't need the helmet right wait is this one even camera wait does this one have oh yeah yeah because i have the the here right the physical mastery yes you don't need the little uh i think yeah you yeah it means you don't need the copic orb or you don't need to sanctify so either one of those either you go and go copy sword or you don't go for sanctify
[00:51:19] is probably the cheapest. Or, I guess, technically, Prism of Belief as well. To be fair, Prism of Belief will not exist early League, right? So, hard to say how that one still matters. It wasn't cheap anyway either, right? Might be even more expensive now. Yeah, I should probably get a filter going, right? Well, keep in mind, like, 40 is the max Reaper. You can't go over 40. Like, on my character, I have 40. Well, I took out the support gem for plus one Fizz.
[00:52:25] Because I have 41 of my character. So I added an AoE. Which is nice. It means you get an extra support gem, right? AoEs. That's pretty cool. How does this website work now? What the? Oh, cancel. How does this work? Campaign. Warrior. Here we go. Here we go. One Sephtis as well. Yeah. That's probably enough, honestly. Oh, thank you so much for the sub, Reaper. Appreciate it. Did I get some emotes? I mean, I don't know, man. Did you notice, Reaper, that I still had subs?
[00:54:34] Well, I guess you can't notice that, but I still had subs. I still had eight subs when I started stream. I don't understand how that's the impossible. No one's, like, forgotten to unsub. But I appreciate it. You gifted a sub before you subbed to me. Unless you already subbed? No. All right, so now we got a filter. Nothing too special. And we're kind of ready to go now, honestly. I'm just going to wing it, like I usually do. I'm just going to wing it.
[00:56:13] I'm not like other people where I make like a whole new video guide for least start this in 0.55. I feel like my other videos are fine. But losing this kind of sucks. Like this is 3% HP. This would be an interesting build to min-max. If I can even get to that point on hardcore. If I die, I'll probably just go softcore and keep playing, right? But ideally, I can keep it going hardcore. This is the interesting thing is that Cecil Bond.
[00:57:19] allows me to do this because the build didn't really work and i don't want to i don't want to transform into bear to generate endurance charges like you can but it's just slow and annoying well actually i don't know how slow it is but it's annoying because it makes you stand still and standing still just isn't good and you can't have a shield just so spread on points i actually don't want that i think i'm gonna go this that one global i don't want any good chance
[00:58:32] You could just go that true, but I feel like 10% of crit chance is just all damage. Dang it, this is 2%. Huh. You want crit chance. You want this. I feel like I'm going for these points when this is just like better in every way. Same time. Increase mana cost of skills? No thanks. Increase mana cost is just too much. We're going to go blood magic though, but it's a problem. We're going to go blood magic.
[00:59:18] I just can't. There's too many points to go for this stuff down here. I wonder if you just drop the Corrupt and Cryo build. I wonder if you just drop Glacial.
