[01:19:55] skill gem is just really good too so it kind of counteracts any damage loss you would have gained or like lost from another ascendancy defensively though you know generally is pretty weak i say that and then you have you know the old quality of uh magma barrier giving you like 10 max block which is absurd arctic armor gives you like a 200 armor or some dumb shit pretty mean true yeah but i i don't think we don't have quite immune on our character right
[01:20:33] You don't take gem-studded. Take adaptive. In an ideal world, you would take gem-studded, but I think there's just too much pain to gear around that it's not worth it. Just take adaptive capability and you can forget about having to worry about the cast on dodge stat requirements. Oh, you did, Reaper? I see, I see. This has been pretty min-maxing the build, though.
[01:21:08] that's one thing i want on this build on the build i want to play is warner's courage rana's carnage it gives you oh i didn't i couldn't find the mod on pob but i see here modifies here we go this one here like these two like this node here recover five percent of max life when you use war cry is actually really powerful for this build is that with the node gives you seven percent every time you work right
[01:22:03] which like you just spam that and you're full hp instantly it doesn't mean that though like the war cry or the corrupting cry aspect of this build will definitely take a sideline hopefully it's enough to like kill white mobs and blue mobs but it will definitely not be enough to killing bosses fair enough river fair enough sorry making a good build okay there's plenty of other goods builds though i'm sure like we play a build with like a lot higher damage you know like totems or something i guess it just doesn't feel like
[01:22:44] The gameplay does make a big part of it, right? Make sure you're not doing the most damage. Maybe you're not that fast. But you're really tanky and you're just super smooth. That's what people want. And decently fast. I think it's actually really fast. I guess damage eventually does make you go slower, right? Yeah. But to be fair, Reaper, a lot of builds can play well content and get all challenges.
[01:23:19] i guess all content is one of the things where people have different interpretations of what that means like does that mean you have to do juiced expeditions or does that just mean you can kill awful bosses right personally i think it just means kill all bosses i guess challenges too i think that yeah i wonder how expensive these are level 70 too bad oh yeah that sounds like it has to get damage yeah how much most common builds just vaporize
[01:24:11] 14 exalts was actually dirty. It was just 14 exalts. That's so cheap. Almost time, almost time. Oh, I can't stream that long today, though. I don't know. We'll see when I go to bed, but it will have to be like maximum three hours, I think. Maybe even less. Funnily enough, if you give me a dollar for every time I had to do a race on League Start the next day, like a running race.
[01:25:08] I'd have two dollars. But the fact that it happened twice in one year is funny. Because tomorrow I'm doing a race. Seven kilometer run with the obstacle course elements, apparently. I'm betting I'll be broken after that, but we'll see how it goes. Yeah, it's 10 p.m. for me too, yeah. Oh, work on Saturday? Oh, that's rough. Life indeed. I mean, it's an event league, you know. I think it's fine to just take it easy.
[01:26:24] there's no point like rushing it dude my brothers three minutes i'm playing hardcore which i'm definitely not prepared for just kind of yoloing it sure'll be fun before i die like first boss three hours to hit maps that is very ambitious i think realistically it's six to five hours if you're speeding for like an average player an average like tuned in player
[01:27:45] it's probably gonna take me even longer if i don't want to rush and die i mean i i would consider myself a campaign enjoy as well but part of enjoying the campaign is going fast though i think like once the campaign takes like 10 hours your best was 12 hours damn was it like the shorter the campaign takes the more fun it is i think but the more you can like tolerate it maybe i still like the campaign though i think i played through how many times i think i played it through the campaign four or five times last week
[01:28:26] to be fair i played a lot last thing and i also had you know i also played the the twink uh crofting cry through two of those i believe true true reaper true that's also why i like playing the build that i'm like something close to the build at least even from like level one or whatever even when i could play like a wink or build or a leveling build right because i want i want to feel that progression
[01:29:14] my character like getting stronger like finally getting to equip his stuff feels a bit better than going like a twink's twink setup into like putting all the items for another character oh you think nether shock that's titan you gotta keep in mind that concuss titan has can't like getting the support gem will be pretty difficult or at least early on but again it's not like last league it was pretty difficult to get to so like end game even though it's common
[01:29:57] true it's yeah i mean that's it's just a popular build you know minimal buttons auto gameplay i'm moving i think wait is he moving it no oh here it is okay 66 didn't get in get in this is the third option hardcore yeah it's another i mean it's a name i guess
[01:31:02] skidoo shouted hard hardcore i'm hardcore i'm hardcore get that mindset get that hardcore mindset i think i've yet to play hardcore to end game i think that's in there so then i go oh you can't respawn a checkpoint on a on a hardcore character i forgot about that i guess i'll just use the shield bash i think personally i'm not as fast as dual wielding but i'd be very careful about sprinting too
[01:32:22] I can't just, like, I can pause, but I have to log out. It doesn't necessarily save you. Not currently, Toki. No. I have an old guide, which has very similar leveling setup. Like, the leveling setup is basically the same. The Warbringer guide there. But the actual, what I'm planning to do, like, endgame or, like, late campaign is not on there.
[01:33:39] All right, Toki. Yeah, I mean, you know, it's just, yeah, exactly. Follow what I do on stream and stuff. I'm pretty sure I'll be streaming all of it, right? It's one of those things where I don't like recommending something that I haven't tried. Pretty counterproductive to what most streamers do, but contra creators, I guess. Damn, he died in position one ladder. Rip. He died too. Shit, so many people are dying. I need a better weapon than this. I want to find the two of these.
[01:35:57] New britches? I'm out of flasks. That's not good. What was the checkpoint? Holy shit, there's mobs here? Oh my goodness. That's new. Holy shit. Get better weapon. Thank you so much for the Prime, Feargood. Appreciate that. AC Warburg. Wait, I'm doing the... Don't tell me I have to do the boss again. That would suck. Oh my goodness.
[01:37:47] Okay, I did not expect how hard this was gonna be. Oh my god, I did the boss again. You're joking. Oh, she has less HP, it seems. Holy shit, you can get some good sh- Oh, that's good. Yeah, yeah, yeah. Yeah, who knows? Oh, you can get- Oh, no. I need to be very careful doing that round of mobs, huh? Great Helms, Stalking Bobs. Still in the zone. I do think it's worth doing the Mud Burrow, because you want to do this boss thing.
[01:39:47] you want to do this boss so you can get uniques some other level uniques would be good ring as well
