[03:19:56] Find me? What, she's still doing the move? Why? After she's stunned? That's bullshit. Oh, my God. Not again. I need a new single target set up. Not this again. Level 2 support gem. Here we go. What does we want here? Proaching ground? There's something we can get on the totems. Legend totems would be so nice, actually. I'm forgetting. Oh, we dug around one. Yeah, I think that's what I need, actually.
[03:23:28] Yeah. No move speed. Alright, Rebirth Shell. How far did you get? We leave. Eat Act 1 as well. Like, maybe. Otherwise, yeah. GG's. Thanks for hanging out. Oh, dude. Nice. Alright. That's decent. I mean, I think we can probably just get... I hear no need to rush. Before we get those vendor recipe things. Vendor...
[03:25:51] Who's going to stun now? Double totem now. This weapon I don't... Right, the parts do make a trail. Well, at least I'm tanky. It's taking so long to kill this guy. Wait, what? I didn't even get to finish. What? Just ignore the stun? I literally... I mean, other than the fact that I'm pretty tanky and not, I'm not struggling.
[03:34:03] Feels like 0.1 again. I thought this was going to give me uniques. It gives you max life, which is not bad. It would not mad wolf. It would be pretty terrible, actually. You can't level with corrupting wings as a complete new character. It just doesn't work. Unless you have a friend to give you some stuff, like what you need in Act 6, I wouldn't recommend it at all.
[03:36:05] What you can do instead is you can level Mercenary with any other build, grenades, suppressing fire, tactician, any of those. And then swap to Corrupting Wings afterwards. Honestly, I would not swap before you can get packs packed. So 65 plus. But the build's looking pretty good now. We gotta buff this league. This 0.5, we're actually gonna buff because it's a new...
[03:36:55] Rune you can add into weapons that gives you plus one to level of war cries That like alleviates a lot of the just we had Fair enough bad both fair enough the idea Diablo immortal No way that's how that means Seriously, yeah, I mean shit. Yes, you know It's your viewers. I guess why not I got a tier 7
[03:38:37] Oh, is that so memorable? Okay. That's cool, I guess. I know Diablo Immortal is like, well, at least Blizzard's highest performing Diablo game, right? And apparently, what was it? Like the schedule for BlizzCon had Diablo Immortal as like 80% of the Diablo section. Goes to show that like, just priority. Oh, I see. Yeah, I can imagine. I mean, reacting to stuff is always fun, right? I would assume. I mean, I don't know.
[03:39:50] What kind of content updates comes up for the other mortal because let's be honest I would not You catch me dead looking at any that kind of stuff
