[03:39:55] You catch me dead looking at any of that kind of stuff, but unless it's a joke, right? Like, funny to watch. I'm sure there's, like, heavy content, right? If you're a creator, you do definitely want new content. Wait, is BlizzCon tomorrow? I actually haven't paid attention at all. The only thing I just learned about BlizzCon from the classic, yeah. Wow. I've read it. I'm just really suffering right now. We're gonna do, we're gonna change this up a bit. Next Saturday. Alright.
[03:41:21] Yeah, okay, that makes me more sense. I'm precipitating in an optical course race tomorrow. Seven kilometers with like swimming, rock climbing, tire jumping. Won't be able to play too long. Holy shit, armor broken. I'm playing hardcore, by the way. More careful. Why does armor break a thing, man? Where's energy shield break? Where's evasion break?
[03:42:13] Technically, evasion break exists. There's no energy shield break. It's chaos damage. The most is like half effectiveness. Armor break is 100%. How am I underleveled? I feel like I've killed everything in this zone, man. My damage is so bad. And no worries, Madwolf. Thanks for chiming in. I'm running out of life flask. He's phased. And now to kill him again. At least we can get some life flask.
[03:45:13] Jesus. I don't understand why everyone's dying AC. Holy shit. Holy shit. Oh my god. I had no idea how I made it up. Alright. Oh my god. Now we got Bella. Bella. Oh, I'm stuck. Okay, stand in the middle here. Tank, tank. Oh, Bella's dead at least. That's good. Can't block that? No, you can't block that. Jesus.
[03:48:37] Thinking about doing about it was the most fun battle plays before do you think the Titan version is better than the Smith one? Um, I'm gonna say No, I'm not sure. The Titan is tankier than the Smith one for sure. It's an item. Wow, Corpse Way, look at that. Ooh, Surefoot Sigil is actually insane. It's a good item though. Beach as well. All attacks count is empowered. Power skills do not have inherent bonuses. Oh.
[03:49:36] Right, yeah, if you feel like, that's the thing. It's not like the tankiness changed much. If anything, you're probably tankier now, right? But it's not like it's too bad. You know, both use similar gear. Well, okay, they don't really. They use kind of similar gear. But I would just play the smith. And if you keep enjoying the smith, then just keep enjoying the smith. But the smith did get nerfed, right? From how it was, in a sense. Because now, what? I don't know how much it got nerfed, but it triggers less spells now.
[03:50:10] And that's why I made the Titan version. But I still think Smith is very powerful. I don't know. Less screen collector, I guess. Level of mine now? This seems so good, though. Yeah, I think I'm not gonna... I'm gonna be right. Shit, I can go to bed soon. Okay, what do I... I need level 22. Oh, Earth Shatter. Nah, we're gonna go... I think we start with... We kind of need that for the single target. Okay, that... Good.
[03:52:10] all right but it's not terrible oh hybrid oh boy okay yeah that's good big damage increase holy that's better than my two-handed it's genuinely better than my two-handed right now honestly we'll just do that yeah oh that's not where i wanted to go
[03:53:49] Looks like the bone pits. Give me some water. In the dark. Okay, it's this one. Get rid of this now. It's doing pretty good damage now. Ooh, no tier 2 support. I kind of want the Urgent Totem. Approaching ground better. Let's go approaching ground. And our damage is starting to pound. I think it'd be good.
[03:57:33] and uh it's changed the incident corrupting cry this patch uh the corrupting wings uh build so for specifically this build not typically it's just i want to it's just a lee starter version i guess and but it focuses more on totems right there's some cool totem stuff uh that is good with it especially ancestral bond right anything
[03:58:00] But for corrupting wings in 0.55, I assume you meant 0.5, but in 0.55, there's actually a new support, a new rune that goes in your weapon that gives you plus one Warcries, which is insane buff to the build, basically. Insane buff. Getting plus one levels that easily is such a big buff. Still, the gambling version is not a lead starter, though. I mean, you can technically lead starter, but...
[03:58:40] So you're not really gonna work right until you're level 65 or until you have packs pack which could be used later. Availability. Shit I got one shot. And you get lighting res. Some lighting res at least.
