[00:01:04] Ring. This is shitty ring. Damn, it's bad. Amethyst? Isn't that correct? Oh, this was percent. Excuse me. One divine. That's pretty good, actually. That's solid. Ooh, accuracy's not bad, either. We do not have a divine. Oh, shit. I'm poor. Still some shit. Oh, yeah.
[00:03:03] It's good to see you with a bit more color in your cheeks and, well, the rest of you too. Aye.
[00:03:10] Am I hitting on this chick? What's that?
[00:03:39] the three aspects of the butt as the king in the mists and then should it break free well we can't have that you must find the king in the mist fool him engage his rituals and pay tribute to him he will grab and then that pertains to my other request the king in them return my indeed good now we sadly must okay now i need some water
[00:04:22] One of the best, Guard Ration? I don't really need Guard Ration. Oh, wait, that's why I wanted to test. Does this work? Ugh, I need a... It's corrupted. It means I can't get Nova skills back. Eh, it's never gonna be cheap to extract that anyway. But Nova skills... Wait, what? Damn, it's gone up in price like crazy. Hmm. That's awkward. Wow.
[00:06:58] That ignite is no joke. That ignite is no joke. My health started moving. I don't like that. Maybe we should take some time today to update the guide. Fix the guide, I guess. Take the guide? Five of them. Downwards. Ooh, trample toe. 19 results. Worth something this league? Worth something in hardcore. Hey, what do you think of brute strength notable for some more carting this one?
[00:15:13] In this build? No. I mean, in this, I don't know. I'm not really scaling. I'm not scaling strength. Really. It's not bad, I guess. I don't have any mana, right? But, I mean, how much damage does it give? Apparently, let's say I get 300 strength, right? That means this is 20 increased damage. You know, is like four points worth it for 20% increased damage? Eh, I don't know what to show about that one.
[00:15:50] i don't think so i have getting crit is like each one of these is like 100 more damage or some dumb like that so that's how effective each point is right now so i kind of have to sparing i mean arthur and the reason i stream is to help people so of course if you want to ask questions in here i can also log on to my i don't mind logging on to my part finder you know to showcase what it's like
[00:16:28] Let's buy stream. I stream to, like, I stream to make it easier to answer questions. Like, real-time and stuff, so I don't have to type. And I can play at the same time, you know? Ooh, level 18. I can do that to break arm faster, though. Way better. Do... Mace. What is this? It's fine. Stock round's kind of annoying, but deal with it.
[00:18:48] what i should if i i do i'm like i keep going back and forth in this i'm i might just have two sets something i guess clearing weapon set like weapons and then like a bossing i feel like i can do fine with just like three totems right now it's kind of annoying to keep five of them up at any time anyway and then i can use it means i can have a shield on both sets i have shield on both sets and i can also have a mace on set one for way more damage
[00:19:21] Plus four levels to work rights, right?
