[00:20:03] It's possible, but you know, it's like I know a lot of people's some people struggle with bar finder because They don't understand how like weapon sets and things snapshot and all this kind of stuff And so it's usually like if their build is fine like they can you know copy the stuff that's on the build planner, but He's completely understand how they actually play. Oh, why am I signing that? It's great bozos Yeah
[00:21:15] i'm gonna make my own ring okay i probably could i might try to structure my builds in a way that you're like forced to understand kind of but you know that people can also just ignore that information but i agree that the far finder is like it's a bit weird to come from my own perspective because obviously i i understand it because i made it right but it means i don't always understand how other people can't understand it right i do want to make it as clear as possible
[00:22:02] We can reroll one. This thing might actually be worse than this patch. Weirdly enough, Hawk Hunt is considered good. Sometimes I absolutely delete a boss and other times not. I don't really get it. Speed modifiers. I think it's something to do with how the Earth Shatter spikes appear. That's interesting. There's no way I can tell what these mean. That sounds decent.
[00:23:52] For sure. And there's a problem with that. Like, I like having where you can kind of level with the build to some extent. And you can build your understanding as you go along. Yeah, I'm liking that. I'm surprised how well it's working. But the numbers seem pretty good, so. Makes sense. Whatever. I do have a job on. Give me a prefix. Wow. I thought we should have done that. Like, why am I even trying to craft this? Randomizing. Whoa. That sounds insane. Isn't it?
[00:25:09] are we going to guarantee that mark with the vine wow okay right i guess we might as well craft we hit beach useless leech we think the suffixes are like you know whatever i guess i don't think it's worth that much but before i find so i'll do what i can to sell it for you then again you can guarantee plus three within double the craft
[00:26:26] That's a decent weapon. I think too crazy. I'm spending all this on these crafted items and nobody's buying them. Ooh, that is a scary-ass map. That map is fucking terrifying. How about that one, Chief? We should re-roll this. What am I going to do? Use Chaos Orbs? That's what I can do. One, two, three. I can combine them. That's fine. I'm doing blue maps. You would never do blue maps ever in softcore.
[00:27:46] really wasting stuff but terrified man i probably can do theirs but i don't really have that many alchemies to work with love the explosions the explosions are so powerful i think it's actually generally the most powerful explosions in the game they are a bit hard to scale but once you can chain the explosion you just kill like immediately what's going on why aren't they something that's a problem sometimes they just don't summon anything what's going on
[00:30:45] Which is why I think having too many totems is actually a bad thing. What the hell? Let me out. Kill the boss. It's stuck. Okay, all right. What we do here is you go extra character select. You do a town. Makes us lose a portal, but I think that's fine. I think portals. Then we go back. And the question is, will it reload? No, there's still mobs here. Ooh, divine orb. We needed that. For a ring. Still more rituals, though.
[00:34:07] Oh my god, a grindfest. They're all spawning in this tiny-ass circle. You're getting insta-killed. Oh, juicy. Ooh, Sacred Bloom. Eight chaos. Okay. I'm gonna defer that. What about this? I don't think this is worth it. These gloves actually wear something. Oh, awesome, Rayos. Yeah. When you get that... When you get those explosions going, it just... Oh. It feels amazing. And so it's... You know, it's one of those things where it's kind of hard to replicate now.
[00:35:03] You can do something similar with bleed explosions. The bleed poison explosions. But it's not that fast. You don't get that pop. It's more like a plop, plop, plop, plop, you know? But yeah, it feels amazing. It's unfortunate that it's really hard to get those kind of explosions in the late game, though. Because you have so much damage reduction. But you just have the gear. These are worth something, man. Everyone's selling shit for chaos.
[00:35:51] results but i'm glad i'm very glad you're enjoying it yeah it was my lead starter last league and uh it was definitely overshadowed by my corrupting cry corrupting wings build unfortunately uh i say fortunately i mean i'm happy that took off as well whoa it's not even that oh my god if you get rid of that fire damage that wouldn't be too bad wait this isn't that bad either
[00:36:47] But yeah, so I kind of left, you know, after I was, you know, done. I did most of the game with it. Moved on, right? Didn't really upgrade it that much more. It still has plenty of potential. And the single target, you know, is crazy. But the problem is, you know, it's a combo single target. And at some point, you get enough damage where Whirling Assault is more than enough to kill everything. This is pretty good. Don't have... Wow. Don't have those. That's surprising.
[00:37:28] as soon as i can there's a lot of people that are new people keep throwing the new i'm new and then they have 1000 hours in the game so what kind of new are you you know the vines all right i'm sure someone will want that okay yeah i i yeah i'll put you up there then definitely in the new new category believe you i wish people would buy some of this stuff
[00:38:44] Amethyst Ray. Resistance 60. That thing's pretty good. Way better than what we currently have. Yeah, resistance is going to be hard to fit. Resistance is pretty much always a problem. Make sure you've gotten all the stuff in the campaign, right? You have all the passives. You have this one, for example. Tabana's pillar. That one's five elemental resistance. All the three tattoos from here, I think. Also dead.
[00:39:57] Boom, okay get rid of this shit
