[00:39:57] Boom, okay get rid of this shitty ass ring and got this bad boy Giga over caps us on lightning now, but now we can start using Oh, we don't need that much fire resistance gee Way too much lightning reds. Oh Well, I guess it's always not too much of a good thing. I guess Even though but now I need to figure out how to gear up. Yeah When ward at least you're like one defense is ward right you got
[00:41:01] Just keep in mind that the base types I recommend in that guide, if you haven't figured it out already, are the exact base types you want. You want exactly those, like, the name of those boots. Because they have, like, the highest reward conversion when you Runeforge, which I don't even have access to. What? How do you have access to Runeforge? I haven't done that quest. Oh, I see, yeah.
[00:43:33] You have to craft those items. So you want to get those base types and then convert them into a ward item. You do not want to buy the already warded item. That's a complete waste of money and time. Because it probably won't even exist, most of those items, right? You want to make sure to buy the non-warded version and then convert it into a warded version afterwards. That applies to the chess piece as well.
[00:44:06] I'm going to buy normal brass dome. You don't want to... Unless you can get like a good cheap one, but I don't... I don't know. I think they're going to be quite expensive. 80% fizz mitigation, though. That's pretty nice. I need to figure out a way to get... Test some stuff, actually. They get 40% more armor from scavenged plating would go a long way. I just don't know how effective it would be compared to just having block. Why is nothing dying? Wow, that's apparently very expensive.
[00:46:41] Right, right else, right else. The main thing you need to look at, like, when it comes to just early crafting, is trying to look for items that maybe don't have all the stats, but they have... Okay, so how do I show this? For example, these gloves, right? You see how they have a green line that has, like, increased armor maximum life. If an item doesn't have this, it has an open affix, it means you can use something like this. It's not called this one, but preserved...
[00:47:10] Jawbone, for example, works on weapons. Well, preserved rib cage, ribs, whatever it's called, works on gear, right? That's a good way to just, like, fill an item by using that. And it gives you a 1 in 3 chance of getting something good, right? Past that, using Essence and stuff can be a bit more complicated. It's the main one, I would say, like, for a new player.
[00:47:51] once an item has that though there's usually not much else you can do except uh results right you can't magically make an item into like a good item otherwise yeah i know right it's absolutely crazy just the which i'm i give a full crafting guide i'm pretty sure all my guides have a full crafting guide how to make that weapon you know but i'm 100% i would not be surprised if people still skip it and just buy it straight up
[00:49:25] done we have that belly of the beast life recovery from flash is instant wow did people buy that results people might buy this though that's kind of cool very better than this and exalts is that worth it what this though oh we can do that sacred blossom uh you don't need blood cutters but i would recommend it
[00:50:35] It just makes the start of your map a bit more easy. The whole point I add that to the build is that it makes it so that you gain max rage. Because your rage is doubled, you have 60% rage, right? Which means that you need to get 61 rage before you can start getting glory for Walking Calamity. It's the meteor storm thing.
[00:51:06] And obviously you want that going as soon as possible in your maps. So Nakahama's Chosen means that you get to like 60 super quick. You just take a hit, boom, now you're 60. And then any Rage after that gives you glory. It just makes the start of the map faster. But it's still fine. It's pretty much only the start of the map that it matters. It does help also with like sometimes during the map you can get some...
[00:51:39] you know, max rage and get some more endurance charges quickly. You start the loop and stuff. But yeah, that's the main thing. Well, to answer your question, I recommend getting it, yeah. I don't think it's expensive, is it? I think it's pretty darn cheap. Oh, nice one, Greky. Wait, Greky, what build are you playing? So, Sunder actually worked there, but I feel like I might need this. Irreparable.
[00:52:55] Yeah, this might be considered a mean one, but honestly, armor break having 12 seconds is just not enough if I stun break armor, because I can't really break armor afterwards. I could add armor break on my seismic cry, and I would permanently keep armor break up, though. Oh, wait, doesn't this make it so you can't armor break anymore? I don't know how that works, actually. Oh, you're playing the farter, okay.
[00:53:38] There is some like that, Ryos, but it's usually unique specific for... If you want to get uniques, you want to do the rituals, right? Rituals always draft for uniques, and it's the best way to get uniques. Otherwise, not really. For example, packs packed, you can get somewhat easily. 40% crit. Damn, that's not even that bad. Right. Gloves and boots.
[00:54:40] no no there's no the best way is just to play the game rivals uh you want to get um a loot filter if you want you can get a loot filter that specifically highlights those items that could be helpful i i don't have a specific one for that though yeah it's mainly like an ssf thing though whoa good no way it's worth that much
[00:56:21] I have no idea. There's an open prefix. Oh, no, but it doesn't matter. Weakness is really bad, honestly. Eh. Overcap on fire. Armor supplies to fire. That could be good. That's cheap as well. I think. Ooh, accuracy rating isn't bad. Which is that? Four? Okay. It'll be helpful for now. These gloves I should replace, like, ASAP, though. Let's do, honestly.
[00:58:38] Yeah, I don't as much as SSF is cool and all and you got bragging rights. I agree. It's ideal. I have to farm everything. Let's be 14 or higher. It's getting scary now, but I'm pretty tanky. 26k life. Oh, that reminds me. What I want in here. Physical mastery is what? You want rapid casting, I think. It costs life.
[00:59:33] I want the thing that makes you fast. Reset. That's all you can have on. Reset. And I'll slow you down.
