[01:39:55] oh wow we actually got a lot of tribute from that not that prefer that and we get this choose what you need nope as expected okay i only have once i haven't gotten a single rogue exile even though i have this i guess i need to go for these okay it's a re-roll fine i'll be tanky but i can't deal with
[01:43:07] I'm going to try a staggered approach. Blow up corpses over time. Instead of pre-loading. The ideal solution would just be if Fortify and Cry just had a 4 second cooldown. That would be dandy. It's so much faster. I think it's just because they're concentrated into one area. I'm going to do that one last. Oh wait, does it matter at this point? What's this one's called? This one's called Kated Balls Grow and Explode When Touched. That's tainted. He died before I could even see his health bar.
[01:48:52] Wow, holding in left click is actually really comfortable. Why didn't I do that more? And it also always makes me sure that I'm in the right set. Nice. So you're going to buy a glove for now using it until I can get a better one, but it's corrupted? Oh, that's fine. Oh, you can't runeforge corrupted items. Yeah, you can't runeforge corrupted items. Pretty sure, anyway. I shouldn't reroll. There's probably better cores in this.
[01:51:04] That gives you 6% now, which is 18. It's not even that good. No, that's fine. Here we go, last one. Oh my god, these things again. Why do I have to get this modifier? I'm pretty sure I specifically took a modifier that wasn't this. Why did they disappear randomly? Oh, fuck. Jesus. I don't want to skip this map, man. That's terrifying. I had to encase in jade just in case there. I think what happens, I just used a fortifying.
[01:53:11] I didn't even... Oh, I proc this. Okay, you can't proc this if you proc this. Interesting. I did not know that. That's smothered. This is... I'm retarded. Okay. Nice. I sold something for two devines. Okay. I think we're just going to ditch this map, like, actually. Damn. That was smothered? Why was that smothered? That doesn't make any sense. Oh, my God. I'm so dumb. Okay, we're going to go for sapping. Smothered and tainted. Those are the...
[01:54:29] Yes, that's my cell. Oh, the crossbow. With crafting on. Oh, do we just ditch this map? Are you taking the... I got smothered again? Ah. I'm just going to kill the boss. This thing is like predetermined to be smothered now. I'm doing a YT-12. Where am I? Shield ground crit. I guess I can handle crit, but...
[01:58:14] we're doing this map again come on don't give me smothered for love god changed it right i do like how common like yeah i i think i do like how common okay we got infested nice we're good
