[02:00:05] it's going wait what the hell just happened where did my points go yeah that's completely worthless wait did i just collect them how does that work i bug it out i lost all my things i assume it broke my ship yeah i don't want to do that hey i do bodak right now i don't think so i feel like bodak is like the hardest of the bunch not like well i think he would one shot me
[02:04:04] uh total red sorry stacker through armor and rings yeah iron rings you can't you obviously wanna i mean i i mentioned you earlier you have all the no i guess maybe not you know you gotta get make sure you get all your campaign stuff oh like this one tabana's pillar uh the these ones that's national tattoos each campaign has one of those as well
[02:04:37] This one is usually missed. This is of Gyrocon. Usually 10% lighting res. Otherwise, yeah, it's armor. You can't... Yeah, I don't think you can get it. You can't get it on jewels or anything. Well, you can if you corrupt them, but that's not something you need to do. The rings is the easiest, because rings can have a resistance on top and triple suffix. And if you want, you can also craft the magnitude of resistances as one of the prefixes.
[02:05:12] You can use the belt as well. You can also have resistance. Belt is a good way to get resistance because you don't need many other stats. And otherwise, if you want to fill resistance for the time being, then soul cores. Oh, cores, I mean, sorry. Runes. So, for example, I'm using 18 core resistance on this one. Fire, fire, right? Just to fill out my resistances. That's the easiest way, actually. But it's only temporary. You don't want your gear to have those runes later on.
[02:05:48] You can have much more valuable runes. What should I go for here? I guess I can go for this one. Oh, I can go. Oh, damn. Great. Yeah, I thought it would probably be a bit easier to start the clear with that. Sure. Sometimes I absolutely delete. I don't know. I wonder what's happening. Into me. Next life. Okay. I only had an essence. Oh, I have no essences. Where are my essences, man? I'm not fully clearing the map. I have five divine orbs. Wow.
[02:10:27] wait what is that favorites only selling it for divine I don't think it's work right one also favorite I said okay I didn't even know that was a thing okay that's cool still one divine over right now boom boom mindset it's less damage it takes
[02:17:46] I thought toughness was something else. There's more experience as well. Ooh, T2. T2, that's not bad. Don't have any socket. Power does not even drop it. I'm going to use Etcher. It's expensive. I'm sure it's fine. Eh. Res is good, but eight, five extra. Yep. Wait, what just happened?
