[02:19:57] Yep. Wait, what just happened? Oh. Oh. Oh. It's like a 25 spirit. This is better than what I have right now. Genuinely. Yeah, it's a 25 spirit. How much is the rabbit right now? If that's enough, how much would that gain? That's enough. That's actually enough right now. I want precision. What? I don't know which one it works on, then.
[02:21:45] I don't know. It sounds like the second set is where it actually works. I don't know. I don't know if they have Totem snapshot after the fact. Apparently they do. That puts us at 30. It's corrupted though. I should not corrupted this. Is that worth anything?
[02:24:53] i'll do what i can to sell it for you you want t2 so many boots man but i don't have res so i don't have uh these boots are good if i can get moves but only if i get most plus one plus one speaking of 40. your order is registered well that's something i can buy 50 or two divs
[02:26:25] more expensive i'll fill that in as soon as i can give these to it it's on scavenge that should work as well let's see here i wonder if harbor that probably does not work tighten that bad oh yes let's play enough fill that in as soon as i can is that at 13.5 seconds just refresh previous stacks i can't remember if i did that now
[02:29:31] i'm working with this stuff sure go ahead silverhawk what i'm here for it does refresh previous stacks okay that's cool then it's a lot better than i thought it would be yeah the classic the fab goon builds yeah how would you oh we want to go es instead of life is fab gun yes um i mean both sides have es right but johamson ride the sork
[02:31:17] I mean, if you can get... I assume you kind of want the split personality for Sorc, right? Which, unfortunately, is very expensive. That would obviously help with that scenario. I would say you go Sorc side for sure. There's some stuff, like, right. There's some stuff you can get that's kind of good. And, like, these... That's the thing, like, if I just want to start an energy shield recharge, it's really good. And these nodes here, even though they give you armor...
[02:32:02] It's actually better than most of the nodes on this side of the tree. This gives 6. It has reduced energy super size rate. Right, I see a Silverhark. I see. You can check out... Didn't Lily have her own version? Lily played hardcore SSF. Didn't she? It was life too. I would have thought that she knows what she's talking about. But I guess... You really don't trust life, huh?
[02:33:05] You really don't trust life. I just went for Zoff's blood. Wow. Straight up Zoff's blood just to get more HP. Right. The monkey is terrifying. I got hit by monkey and I didn't die. I think I had 2k life at the time. On maps. But I can 100% see what he's saying. Yep. Let's see here. So she has damage over time nodes like these. I guess you kind of have to be on the Oracle side. Right? You kind of have to be on the Oracle side.
[02:33:54] but you just can't really get that much ignite scaling on pure sork i think you just stay on the oracle side kind of sure yeah you can i mean most of the stuff in here is deep but so you can you miss out on like grenade here unless you're going that way and cooldown recovery it's damn engineer blaze though that thing is awesome 40 aoe in one node
[02:34:41] That's so oh my god, it gives you even oh my god the nodes down there are so good Yeah, the monkey is terrifying the monkey's probably gonna kill me Although I do luckily I have like, you know armor isn't that great against monkey, but I have 18% PDR flat but always reduces damage by 18 I'm pretty sure armor kicks in like at least 10% at that point That which is not great. Then I have 20% of it goes to my totems well
[02:35:22] And I have 10% reduced damage done because of debilitate. Well, block doesn't do anything. Block does literally nothing against Monkey Slam. You can't block red attacks. It's definitely doable, though. 100%. You can 100% do this as an ES build. But you would want to split personality. You really would want to split personality. If you can't get that, it's not too bad. But you'd have to level up a decent bit before you can get to the point.
[02:36:05] Oh, yes, and even then. Like, maybe the best shot is you go for a Verona jewel and get ES that way via strength stacking. I don't know. For jewels? Well, true, yeah, yeah. 16 is my SS of Warrior Totem. I did nothing with it. I think bleed 4 is the best. It's basically just 30% more damage. Pretty much most things. Why am I lagging? Whoa, what a 100 MS.
[02:37:30] Are you tipping out of this map? What the hell? Are you confused what's happening? So I summon totems, right? So I just like spam. I hold in Seismic Cry. And then I use the totem occasionally. Up to five, right? It gives me five totems. Each totem shoots out Earth Shatter. Which is this attack here. Which puts down a spike, right? They put down three spikes each. Every time my totem attacks, it puts down these three spikes, right? And then I can blow up those spikes with Seismic Cry.
[02:38:18] basically i have tons of five totems down they're all spamming tons of spikes and i keep blowing them up because i'm spamming my war cry my war cry also applies debilitate which is like debuffing them it applies crit weakness which makes them take more critical strike so they get crit more you see buffing the damage i also get more damage from this so after my war cry recently i get more damage increased damage
[02:38:49] That's kind of synergy between the totems and the war prize. I want to see something here. Did I get scavenged plating stacks from the boss? Let's see here. I did. I did get scavenged plating stacks. Okay, that's kind of cool. Just doesn't last that long, eh? There's something. Damn, Steven Record is nice. I'm kind of like double recording though. I could go back in my stream as well. That's the main. And then I also have Fortifying Cry for the extra...
[02:39:58] It's clear
