[02:39:56] or the extra, like, clear. So I don't have to, like, always summon totems. At least for stuff, like, there's around me, like, white mobs. I can just use Fortifying Cry and it will bleed or Corrupted Blood stuff to death. I can kind of just walk through the rest of the map. Oh, on bosses, yeah. I mean, slow on bosses, Noobzocker, if you don't have, if you're not geared. But if you're geared, Corrupted Wings is really fast. Really fast. You definitely have to be geared.
[02:40:33] The problem with Corrupted Blood, or Corrupted, or Pax Pact, this support here, is that it gets damage per level, right? And it's so significant. Like, going from level 35 to, like, 40, for example, an extra five levels is, like, triple damage or some dumb shit like that. It's so significant. Like, one level is, like, 30% more damage every time. And it stacks up.
[02:41:03] Which is why the build kind of... And there's no other way to really scale the build. You kind of need those levels to make it feel really good later on. I definitely wouldn't consider Corrupted Blood. Slow is just expensive to get fast, I guess. Past a certain point, right? If you want to do 200 Delirium stuff. But I think in just white maps, tier 15s, like basic tier 15s, you don't need that much. There's definitely the bosses that take it some time.
[02:41:36] but now you have this thing here you have soul core rallying which is plus one war cries and you have what i take it this one soul core rippling which is nova both of those you can have in a weapon now plus two for free it's pretty nice
[02:42:03] I think, and that helps us, like, that helps the build so much because you, getting that last, like, two levels was really difficult. You had Sanctify Your Mace or, yeah, the Kopex Orb on Corrupted Gloves, you know, all this kind of stuff. But now you can just socket those two in and you skip either of those steps. Of course, I can't. I've tried, I can't really add it to the guide, though, because Mobalytics hasn't updated their shit yet. But I agree, you know, like, you know, this kind of more hybrid setup.
[02:42:44] where i can have you know totems for single target and then like corrupted blood as like a clear skill you know then you know stuff doesn't die that fast but it's fast enough right they die and obviously i've you know this i'm currently like on like a two divine soft core budget basically but it's i mean this is slow though like there's no new ways about it this is definitely slow but it's something hardcore i'd rather be slow than dead so
[02:43:59] Yeah, okay, so each stack of scavenged plating now refreshes the previous stack, which is super nice. It means I can have like 10 stacks. Like 90% armor? That's pretty good. That's basic. 90% armor is like the minimum. Talking to this guy. Intriguing. What's your actual build going to be, Noobzooker? Zooker? Don't get me wrong, the build is still expensive. The belt, for example, went way up in price.
[02:45:36] Compared to how it was last season, the body armor, soul cores. It's not really a damage thing, though, but mainly for the spirit and the quality. 30 divines I heard last. Oh, yeah. I mean, Uzziah has a pretty good track record. I do think so, honestly. All of his builds are pretty solid. I do think that there's definitely some of the guys that he...
[02:46:27] I don't know, it's hard to say. 100% they've gone up in price, right? Because they're popular. And gemling is very sought after now, right now. But yeah, using a melee skill? I don't know, that sounds terrible. It's melee strike skill? But you have to... I know the perfect part is, like, it becomes really easy once you get quality. But can you get enough quality early that it's okay? Maybe you need to hit, like, a quality breakpoint.
[02:47:06] You can't hit without like certain items. Let me test something. So if I do this... No, it still works. No, it still works. Right, right. I'm sure you put... I mean, I think it's pretty straightforward. It's just like casting elements with the contagion. And then, you know, heavy strike. Boom. Good. I have no idea. I assume that's the main gist.
[02:48:05] So you hit one pack of monsters and then you have like a contagion with Giga AoE that spreads to everything else. Right. I don't think it's... It's not... Well, I guess it is kind of similar, actually, isn't it? Right? Because Webastrike on Mamba is like you hit once and like just tons of packs just like poison spread, right? With the Giga Poison. So yeah, it's kind of the same thing. What are we talking about? Oh, wow, I actually got another one. I guess I'll just put it in there.
[02:49:10] i think i should get it for that price but fair enough he's taking a plus one here oh actually you know what that's kind of good i don't think it's worth three divine but seems like a good deal the thing is right noobs is that at least you know you're a gemling right at the end of the day you're a gemling and you got like you know 10 builds to choose from and if it doesn't work out
[02:50:32] i'm sure you can like sell the gear and go for something else right it really comes back right 100 if that's if that's what you want to try 100 i recommend trying it is that the fact like that's one of those things where like i mean tons of people thought about the contagion tech way back when black flame was added but all of a sudden in 0.5 they just like flip the switch where it works because normally it didn't work it didn't work before
[02:51:08] Yeah, fair enough noobs. Yeah, was it that died I didn't notice. Oh wait, I can see her I'm less chaos version. That was a charge to doing I feel that's a completely different build though. That's cool honest Yeah, I don't know it wasn't even in the patch notes. That's thing it contagion working with the Chaos ignite was not even in the patch notes It just worked 0.5 exactly. I agree
[02:52:30] Plane by SSGs. That's... I should check that, actually. Damn, that's rough. Not a single one exists. That's hardcore for you. Hardcore trade, man. That just don't exist. That's fine. I didn't... For this building. My style is blue. Not clear what we saw. They're not pretty good. Yeah, sure. I don't know. Can you whisper me? I guess you can. Character name is Skadoosh shouted hard. Shouted hard. You don't need to send me a friend request.
[02:56:02] I'll accept it this time, but you can just direct whisper me. Do slash. What is it? No, it's not that one. It's, uh, hat. Oh, shit. That thing's nuts. Yeah, that thing's nuts. It's disgusting. Jesus. How does it even get much better? I guess. No, you have damage. I mean, it's higher rolls, I guess, but still. Okay, let's get as it gets. Isn't there plus one spell skills to ruin them?
[02:56:47] Or is that only from... Well, that might just be Aldous. Doesn't this show if gems are posted on Peewee Ninja? Ancestrals with Warbringer. What's the question? How do I have them? I have five. Why am I doing Ancestrals? Or... I don't understand the question, Shade Falcon. Love to elaborate. It looks like... I'm missing out. I'm gonna... Ah, yes. Yeah, this is a...
[02:58:59] This is basically a new version of it. Shade Falcon that I've been working on. And instead of using Hateforge because, well, Hateforge got deleted basically. Might as well get deleted. I'm using Ancestral Bond. I can use Spirit to gain totems instead of charges. And then I have a Scepter on both sets. So I have a Shield on this set and I have the weapon to actually, you know, have the totem attack on this set.
[02:59:29] I can kind of have best of both worlds. And a scepter on both sets. And then I have, you know, enough for four, technically. But there's a bug that when you... If you weapon swap before the totem appears, you can have another totem. So I can have five totems. With 360 spirit. Which is pretty close. To where you can, like, 10 is the cap, right? So that's pretty close. But okay, it's happening.
