[00:00:10] We're live. Eating ritual, I guess. Shit, I'm tanky. Physical damage. We love these, like, narrow corridors, though. Pretty much always stacks of damage plating tubes. Very nice. Falling that wisp was a waste of time. I should check the... Five and one. Two companions. Oh, but... All the uniques. The fucking guy. Stick to the build help channel.
[00:07:17] I wonder what I can do with my gold. It's kind of cool. Wait, wait, wait. Do I get it from this one? I think so, right? Wild classic thing. Wild classic forever? No. Classic forever? Wild forever? Probably bricked up. The reason why I didn't stream yesterday is because I was looking at the boundary. I was straight. You know what PeeWee does to me too when it's bounced. I can't play it. Yeah.
[00:09:53] You are tapping in. You're tapping in. I'm definitely tapping in. That's for sure. The question is, do I play the beta? Well, I already answered that question. It's yes. I feel like level... The fact that they're even going to timegate the beta, apparently, so you can get to level 20 first and then 30 later, but... Actually, it would be popping. It would basically be the same as playing the game. Tala tanking. Yeah, that looks viable. All heck. I want to do a shaman tank. That's my current...
[00:10:32] Shaman. I do want to do all the shaman specs, honestly. I want to be a healer. I want to be... Well, I don't really want to play enhance. Other than, like, pure enhance. I want to play. Like, beta coming out in just three days. Like, Jesus. How am I going to cope? How am I going to do all the challenges? Shaman tank is an abominant. What are you talking about? It was a thing in SOG. It was a thing in classic. Honestly, I shaman tanked in hardcore.
[00:11:31] No, no, no, that's not what I said, Thorave, no. That you can level to 20 in the beta, and then after like a month or something of beta, it will increase the cap to 30. It'll still just be beta. It will not transfer over. And it makes me think, because level 30 in, you know, Classic is no joke. That's like at least three days of leveling, you know?
[00:12:06] Especially if you're not like min-maxing with the quest, not questy, what's it called? The rested XP. You're gonna, it's gonna take time. Hopefully, yeah, I don't know. Yeah, definitely some concern there. Like, I'm not even gonna touch that new race. Like, fuck that shit. Blue, I mean, I never played Elves either because I thought that was cringe. But, uh, I'm a Tauren. You know, I play all the ugly classes. Tauren, Troll, and, uh, Tork.
[00:13:10] I'm not sure what I'll play this time around. Torn is what I'm leaning towards, mainly because I love Domp. I just love the two-second stun as an option in PvP and stuff. But otherwise, it doesn't seem like... And probably for tanking too. Best thing. We'll see for the beta if they do... Because apparently the shaman's talents and stuff has completely changed since what they've shown. Yeah, on the...
[00:13:41] I think people are looking into that one a bit too hard, honestly. I don't think the 5% max thing is going to be that crazy. Everything in Classic and World of Warcraft is PPM, Thorhaave. It's all PPM, which means that once it procs, you won't be proccing that shit for the next three minutes, you know? If it's retail, the way it works in retail, is that no matter what, if you...
[00:14:36] Like, if you, like, trigger or hit, like, one billion times a second, it won't matter. You'll still only proc it within once every three minutes. It won't be abusable. Copium. Honestly, that's what I hope. I mean, that's what I assumed, how it would work. I mean, it's one of those things. That's not how everything works. You have, like, Ravager, for example, which would be different. Because you have proc based on swing time, right? So if you had, like, a really long...
[00:15:09] If your weapon was, like, super fast, you'd proc at the same speed as if you had a super slow weapon. But you could proc with yellow hits, which is, like, special attacks, basically, right? Where's this boss? I agree. Sure, Thorheim, yes. But this is, like, retailified. They have 100% balanced that shit. I can understand trinkets and stuff. Yeah, that hurts.
[00:15:57] but a racial like a racial 100 that's gonna be in a fine lens like they're not gonna make that shit like op because the problem with racials right is the moment something is like giga op and i've broken everyone's gonna be mega pissed it's like oh well i just i just did a night elf warrior until 60 and all of a sudden you know these uh undeads are just like crocking this one thing that makes him vulnerable and they can solo tank dungeons and shit like
[00:16:32] Exactly, in farming. Yeah, yeah, I get that. Which is abusable nonetheless. Doesn't really matter where it's abusable, as long as it's abusable. If one raid can, like, straight up just, like, solo tank a dungeon, it's not gonna be fun for the rest. I think it is, I do, I think it's cool, though, and, you know, all this kind of weird shit is awesome, but at the end of the day, keep your expectations in check.
[00:17:11] sometimes i don't do damage and sometimes he just like gets deleted i don't i think it's just me just spamming fortifying getting damaged maybe that might be a thing honestly 100 like yeah the five percent that sounds giga broken like just giga broken i don't know how they can even add into the game unless it's unless it's like inconsequential you know that's the thing like they can't just add that and have it be good honestly
[00:17:57] I don't know. How do you balance that shit? You just don't. I don't know. I don't know how you balance that shit. I commend them for trying, I guess. To, like, add cool stuff into the game. Wait, did I proc one of these? F5. This map again, alright? Anyway, I'm excited. I'm definitely gonna be dug up. I'm gonna pre-purchase, like, the cuck I am, you know? Like, Blizzard's a bad company until they make something I want to play. I have, like, very little morals when it comes to video games. Convenience.
[00:18:55] and nothing gets me more hype than like classic wild shit and peewee and that like i love this like i i love theorycrafting like new shit you know i just love new shit can i say especially when it's not figured out yeah stock art trailer was amazing i agree it was amazing but it's it's like it doesn't it's it's meaningless it's like the d4 trailer all over again you know which is awesome as well the default trailer is like the big the coolest part of d4
[00:19:34] Right, and that kind of goes to show that like yeah, this trailer is awesome. Whatever they're planning. Oh Now I proc the thing. I need to be very comfortable here. Jesus, that's terrifying.
[00:20:01] I'm surprised I took so much damage there. I should have, like, I guess I don't block. I'm like, I don't block. I don't know how much PDR I have, but I didn't have a totem down. Yeah, so, like, a lot of my defense is gone. It's true, yeah, yeah. Failures are good. I won't deny that, but that it. It's very interesting going for making another, like, is it going to be a single player game? I don't know. I guess. I do like that they're doing more stuff with StarCraft.
[00:20:45] i mean i i love the thematically in starcraft uh back in the day but i just got dreamed so hard and i played it i was pretty young though but i had a i had like a full like guide book on the on how like the tech trees and stuff it was like a massive book which i explained everything had a guide to the campaign and stuff i kept like i looked at more of that book than i did at the actual uh right then i played the actual game
[00:21:23] It's like when you buy, like back in the day when you bought a video game on CD, and you just look at the- and you're driving home in the backseat of your parents' car, and you're just looking at the back, going through the pamphlet inside, you know, the rulebook, and be like, oh my god, this one screenshot of the game looks fucking sick. I remember I did that with the Guild Wars 2, I think, and I barely played that game. It was just not for me.
[00:22:16] Wait, it's gonna be RTS for the new StarCraft? Seriously? 80% RTS, 50% FPS? I didn't listen to the panel or anything. Because, you know, it's four years out. Wait, did I go far enough? No, I didn't. I just zone out. I thought they said it was gonna be like a first-person shooter or something. Wasn't that, like, that confirmed?
[00:23:47] oh i see right you only watched the trailer paste but i assume you watched more for uh classic plus though right classic forever wait world of warcraft forever those juicy panels gameplay trailer cinematic kind of sucked i didn't pay attention to the cinematic i thought it was just gonna be the old cinematic because it was and then they like continued it i was like oh i didn't pay attention to the rest
[00:24:50] I was watching Soda like play or something. Why was I watching Quinn? I can't remember. Maybe I was watching. I don't know. That's kind of cool. I've still been sold. Oh, no. Did I sell the other one? I did sell the other one. Oh, no, I didn't. It's right there. I'm into the phase of my where I look surprised by new shit. Interesting. I'm definitely still like a mid-max.
[00:26:09] Give me everything right now kind of thing. Be honest. How many do I get any Atlas points for killing Bordark? Wait did I forget to select my rewards from the last map? Shit. That's respectable though. I guess that means you're not gonna play the beta then. Know what that means? Because that's the problem. That's the problem. All of this shit. Very close to Pee Wee 2.
[00:28:00] But it's not that close to crap. I've never been one to like play WoW long term. Like once I start raid logging, it's like, okay, I'm good. Hey, was that a yeah, yeah to the fact that you're not playing the beta? Damn, I killed that boss so fast, even in Delirium. It's not too bad. Oh, don't stand on that. Let's end Delirium. Now they do Delirium maps too, which is probably still easier than doing Pentacles.
[00:31:04] i'm getting so many of these we go to our base mtx my icon i can't use uh shield skin either warlord clipping man it's not like a cave on i didn't know that i guess oh wait he has a cape as well let's try that one yeah this one is pretty badass i see my shield though kind of sucks back all right thor have a good one uh if you're still here
[00:33:51] Wanna ask you, PvP or PvE? What about him talking? Someone? Hosts always have an eye in the middle of his chest. Sick. Every time, man. We'll strike big in this weapon. Unlikely.
[00:40:00] Again. More. Fuck me. Is this guy? It's useless to me. Take it. It's useless to me. What does it say? Does it say specced or fully allocate? It doesn't mean you need to get the boss. All right. We can get a bit of boots. A chest piece would also go hard. It's not a bad chest piece. Nothing about it. Damn, it's bad. Wait, what? Okay. Let's go with, like, 100 armor.
[00:43:31] there we go ornate the thing's good this thing is good it's more spirit less hp bit more i think we go for this boom distance do we need hold this fine yeah that's good maybe two percent region as well okay way too much cold res which is a good thing you turn something into lightning please get new boots first someone is bound to buy that
[00:46:34] That's cool, but it doesn't exist. Maxing life is max runic ward. Is that good? Isn't that, like, just fine? Like, genuinely, it's a good defense. Basically means 5% of extra life, more life. Can't this kill you, though, if you cost life? I don't know. No, you just can't cast it, right? Hits against your reduced critical damage bonus. That's kind of good. I didn't know that was a thing. Wow. Huh. I might do that, genuinely.
[00:48:25] Parity arm. Arm applies to chaos is good, but at the same time isn't needed. I don't think so. Genuinely, this looks good. I do that. Yes, I've changed my mind. Refund this. I think that's better. I mean, this is what. I don't think these work. This is only gets 25. This gives 20 and quit. Pretty good. I only get some quality though for this.
[00:51:08] Okay, it's going to give me a lot more armor. Yep. Okay, that's way more armor. Nice. Get that. Okay, wait, wait, wait. Did I have something here? Oh, wait. I remember the boots, didn't I? Did I put it in here? Did I not delete those boots? There they are. I can guarantee it. I think we do a 50-50. That would be fun. Wow, that actually worked. I actually sold it for profit.
[00:53:15] i can guarantee let's see what we can get first let's go like 400 50. okay two divines oof that's so low hp i don't think it's terrible i think it's good i think we're gonna exalted or once i regenerate this light okay then nobody's selling for that price you were only selling it for
[00:55:09] Divine Orbs? Alright. Damn, I have to pay a lot to be able to do this, though. I already have money to work with. I'm guaranteed, like, really good boots. But it would cost me a lot. Let's go lower armor. Put this at 30. I think there's something bad in this. Bad base. These are good. Actually, maybe these are good enough.
[00:57:16] It's just so low HP though. Why is this so high? Just T1 life makes such a big difference. Especially not thinking farming. Damn, this would have been so much cheaper if I didn't Abyss modded. Damn, it was a mistake when I did that.
[01:03:03] Hey, we got it. Talon's done. The damage is good. Pretty good. Ooh, that could be good. Just damage. I don't know if that's sure. Let's drop this. Dude, I need this. Oh, shit, I need that. I need two levels, though. Give me two levels. Hmm. Can I get better? Can I get better rubies? Like, block. But I don't have to take. Oh, great. But I hit 40, which means...
[01:05:26] Three jewels with it. What's this thing is? Is it that good? Break is a prefix for some godforsaken reason. What was I going to buy again? I was going to try for jewels. You know how I can get a talent point? Kill a pinnacle boss. Boom, this one's perfect. Holy shit. Five regen, stun build up. Oh, that's 55k, so. Oh shit, this one's pretty it. Dance. Three increased block chance, though. Been enough.
[01:08:24] It's not enough. Damn. Damn, I lost on the Warcraft Speed, but the rest is good. I can save one point. This one's good. True, you can add armor to anything. Alciron. Wait, did you just raid me? No. I guess I didn't pay attention. Yes, CC totems. Indeed. There's a lot of synergy there, so. Search the warrior totems with earth shatters, so you blow up the earth shatters, right? I mean, I can just show it in a moment. Can I just get this?
[01:11:22] Also, I'm not doing too much crazy maps because I'm hardcore and I'm genuinely a pussy. I'm like terrified of doing pinnacle bosses right now. Basically, the synergy is, you know, I blow up the Earth Shadows, right? I apply 10 Corrupting Weakness or Critical Weakness through this. I get tons of damage by spamming War Crys through this. I recover tons of life with Urging Call and my helmet, so I have 5% max life when you use the War Cry.
[01:12:03] I'm using Fortifying Cry on top of Seismic Cry. So I use Seismic Cry just to knock everything away. I stun with Seismic Cry, which means I also break armor for scavenger plating. It's not my totems that break armor. It's me that break armor. It means I always get scavenger plating stacks. That's from this Anoint here. And everything else is just like tank, right? And I have... I'm using two Scepters.
[01:12:42] So I weapon swap, put down my totem, which is a scepter and a mace. And then I war cry with a shield and a scepter. I always have the spirit I need for my totems. But I gain the benefit by having a shield as well, basically. I'm just good. Speed is whatever. You know, it's fast enough. But I thought it would be a pretty decent hardcore build. At least for like a life build, you know. Life builds are...
[01:13:24] You don't see people playing live builds at all in hardcore. Like, gear I have is, like, I would consider really good. And it's just so cheap because nobody plays this shit. Why am I getting bosses now? Oh, that's a good question, actually. Armored Jemling. I forgot about that. Yeah, true. Isn't the problem with Armored Jemling is you don't have good recovery? You don't really have that great recovery. I guess you're right. Yeah, Armored Jemlings are played with Oil Grenade and the snapshotting of...
[01:14:10] Pyro? Why am I thinking Pyroblast? I never remember the name of that shit. Time of Need? Wait, what's the ult quality on Time of Need? I didn't think about that, actually. Oh, and I also have Corrupted Blood, right? So I can clear white mobs and blue mobs with Corrupted Blood, but because I'm using Scepters, I can't really scale Fortifying Cry as much as I would like. It's fine. We got Totems for the rest. Regenerate Perth. Oh, wow. That's kind of cool.
[01:15:02] Interesting. So you can attack, regen, huh? Yeah, I'm not... Obviously, people are playing... Yeah, you're right. You're right. People are playing full grenades. So, of course, there are life versions. I know a guy was talking to me and asking if he could do ES on that build. Which makes me think that, yeah, life was standard. The armor you get from ice armor is just insane. Frost armor? I've been watching too much Classic Vow shit at this point. Keep messing it all up.
[01:15:37] Yeah, or spirit gems. Yeah. I mean, you say that, but, like, no matter what, I mean, you're making a build right now. You're just slotting in, you know, uh, Pyro. I can never name... What the fuck is the name of that skill? Pyroblast? No. You know what I'm talking about. You're slotting in Ignite right into your build to kill bosses on the Frontal Cry or the Pyroblast. Like, that's how OP it is. Like...
[01:16:28] i feel like as long as that stays it's just gonna be used for a lot of like just cheesing bosses flame blast yes 300 armor it gives you that much armor i think i see like a hundred did it actually give you 300 yeah the dodge lens is awesome yeah 100 like the dodge movement but like i kind of wanted to keep that just because i don't want them to nerf my build but the dodge movement is insane but it's so smooth it just feels so good
[01:17:15] I don't know how you make him invest into it more. I don't know. It does mean you're using cast on dodge, which doesn't really provide much else. Oh, if you're using scavenge plating as well, then you're getting shit done. That's the thing. It's crazy that there's no point in me leveling up scavenge plating. There's literally no point leveling up. All it gives is thorns per level. Come on, man. That's... I don't know. It can't be right.
[01:17:58] You're right. Jambling just makes a lot of skills that are kind of meh. Good. Frost armor is useless. Let's be honest. Frost armor is just dog shit. Unless you're playing some sort of meme. Someone's build. I'm pretty sure they nerfed that skill. It's not really that good anymore. On hit. You can't chill anything unless you scale it. You can't freeze anything. You probably scale it.
[01:18:43] True, yeah, the fact that the quality also reduces the spirit cost. That is funny, huh? I think it's faster than 50% more speed just because, well, I guess it's different. Because if you have the amulet, right? You have the amulet for even more, like two casts and dodges, which is what I do in my fortifying cry build. This is who I think it is. Oh my god, I fucking tanked that. Holy shit. Kinelli, what is my death right there? Thank god for 90% armor.
[01:19:33] and 18 pdr that's the thing it took like you know one league and all of a sudden like everyone's armor stacking well not everyone but like pub gun you know pub gun using
[01:19:55] Everyone's armor stacking. Well, not everyone, but, like, pub gun, you know? Pub gun using armor? That can't be right. Something's very wrong. Yeah, true. Mage Blood is just the game change of everything. Yeah, you're right, yeah. That's, like, how you get all your armor on a lot of builds. That's how you get all your evasion on a lot of builds, too. Like, I had... That's how I got all my evasion on my Fart Finder build. I don't know if you've seen that build. I would say it's my best, like, high-scaling build, anyway.
[01:20:30] And the only way I could solve defense was Mage Blood. It solves recovery because I can get so much evasion that Ghost Dance heals a lot. And the evasion gives me Deflection as well as 75 with ES. I did figure out another way though. Going for a Chevron Satchel after watching Pond's video on him using it. I was like, damn, this is actually just pretty good on Pathfinder.
[01:21:08] which allows you to recover ES without needing mage blood. But I think quality gives you more effect per stage. Does it give you 2%? I don't know how much it gives you for 20. I have it on 37 and it only says 5 stages. Wait, does it go to 300% just arctic armor alone? I thought you were talking about if you combine it with...
[01:22:28] Wait, you get 300 from Arctic Armor alone? I thought you were talking with scavenged plating. I don't care about crit because I have 75% reduction. No, 70%, I think. See? Fortifying Cry has plenty range. You know, it's more than enough. You don't need the widescreen shit from... I think I can even kill rares with just this. Yeah, that's actually nuts. It's genuinely nuts. Arctic Armor, like, well, that's just busted.
[01:23:30] So busted. I would love that I'm out of armor on this character. True. I mean, look, maybe I'm a bit biased because, you know, Josiah Yeet, Palseron? He's like, at least you can call him like the gemling guy. At this point, he's got plenty of builds. The guy's been popping off. He's more YouTube subscribers than me, even though he only started making videos in 0.5. I'm a hater, okay? I'm a Josiah hater.
[01:24:24] and before i got to start my war cry build he did his infernal cry video and i was like i was gonna do that and then i and i was like okay well i guess i can't do that anymore so that oh fortifying cry you can scale that kind of hard if you go melee levels and stuff i was like oh he gives you defense or you can go pretty fast with dodge stuff because he didn't do any dodge stuff he doesn't min max his build really
[01:24:54] And so, you know, I made a cooler video as well. And then that was my most popular build, this league, the Warcry build. But nonetheless, he still took that Infernal Cry glory away from me, you know? Imagine if I was the one who min-maxed that build. I like Jusathai Yux. He's been putting, like, he's honestly, the guy's been grinding like crazy. Mana builds, he's popped out. Nah, of course.
[01:25:28] Because I'm a hater, I'm his number one hater, I will say that he is just the gemling guy. I don't think he's leveled a single other character, but his one character. He just, like, he just re-rolled his gemling into, like, seven different builds. I agree, Palceran, but the problem is you will get the people in the comments being like, wait, didn't this guy do that build? And I got that. I got that. When I did the Fortifying Cry build, people were being like, wait, didn't Josiah come up with this first?
[01:26:08] unescapable i believe most builds at least for like the people who first like find something can be improved considerably for example like when i made the far finder build back in zero uh it was just like busted the numbers were just so stupid that you didn't even need to scale it at some point and everyone loved it because it's like deepest build ever you need to equip like some unique boots and you were good but now you know you actually need the gear and stuff
[01:26:41] And so all the people who did play it before and made like variants of the Farfinder build, the guy called the camera's name. But anyway, there was a guy who made the like the auto bomber version of the Farfinder. He used like skeletal priests to resummon ones and he just like walk and stuff. That one got quite popular, but obviously all those builds died because they nerfed that shit. And then I brought it back because I was like, well, it can still be done.
[01:27:12] I also stole the Farfinder build. I also stole it. There was a Korean guy. I did the old jungaron. Ooh, this looks good. From some sort of Billy Billy website. And there was a guy doing Farfinder in campaign. I was like, oh, shit. Nice. All right. And I was like, oh, wait, I can make this build work. Actually, no, it wasn't just that. Who was it? Oh, it was someone else.
[01:27:46] Who's that guy that wears gloves? Like fingerless gloves? When he streams? Who's that guy? Baelor! Yes! Baelormage! He was the one who first tested out the boots, but he couldn't figure out how to do single target. And he just ended up doing toxic growth for single target. Right? And I was like, nah, that's not cool. That's not cool. I was like, this must be possible.
[01:28:21] And then I saw that YouTube video of somebody figuring out a single target by summoning minions to decompose your own minions. And I was like, oh my god, this is a build. And I made the build after that. So at the end of the day, at some point, it's like, you're not even the first to do anything. You're just the first to make a YouTube video. Like, some cool edits or something. That video was my most popular video.
[01:28:50] For a while and it was the worst video ever like it wasn't okay. It wasn't as bad as my first video, but Jesus Christ my audio was so dog shit People just like thought the build was so sick that it didn't matter. Okay, what am I doing this map? What if I'm cropping bug her my lazy ass 0.5? Same Same. Oh, my first build concussed Titan. I'm super proud of I didn't really get that much recognition and I didn't min max it much
[01:29:33] i thought it was a i really like that build no chain explosions you know it's the only build in the game that's like instant chain explosions i don't really count this blood hell the blood uh it's got a blood play there i take a plant gems over and take a fridge see if i can hit break points on my skills with it oh if you can if you can get 20 quality like global quality yeah i don't think you can
[01:30:09] Because most things don't gain much from an extra one or two quality, right? I think if you can get to that 20 global quality breakpoint, yeah, you're fine. Oh, no, that's not what you're talking about. You're talking about the ascendancy or that gemling ascendancy that allows you to get like movement speed reduction or less movement speed reduction when using skills and stuff. And anything else? Implanted gems. I'm going to have to look this up.
[01:31:03] i think i know i think that's what you're talking about that's gem studded oh no what are you talking about so yeah i mean honestly yeah if i can just spread the tech you know that's pretty cool as well deal q oh that must feel pretty amazing on eq deal doesn't it like just like you pop down your eq boom boom and explosions everywhere that sounds sick is the x buff per colored support oh
[01:32:18] the implant with gems over implanted gym if you can get i mean technically you can get level 40. if you yeah you can't technically get level 40 now without bolstering implants you can and then you can go for integrated efficiency with a true min max sin or yeah you could do that you do you're saying inciderate shot though i don't think i don't think that will ever beat i mean
[01:33:02] How to say plus two level it depends on the skill. What skill are you talking about? What's the skill you're using to do damage? Homecoat contagion ignite. Oh, I see. Yeah, is it like well Josiah Yeet did a similar build to that. Didn't he? He's called the Thanos shotgun or something. Thanos snap. Less duration EQ for clear and supercharge for single target felt great for me. That sounds pretty awesome.
[01:33:43] i was wondering if the forest swords if the concussive rune tech could be pretty good as well did you want to like scale the stuns somehow that's why i like doing the quarter stats because i felt like i got a lot of value out of stun oh yeah true yeah that you're right senor he did say that it was like a very end game like gear dependent build it's hard to say how much plus two levels can you not what you can do in pub i can show you here i didn't monitor
[01:34:36] oh this is path effects of one oh okay right yeah i mean if as long as you can get 40 quality or yeah 40 quality you're good yeah that two percent does nothing i think i don't think it's not it's not large enough to be a break point for most skills to change right how they get stuff give me a sec
[01:35:11] so you can go in configuration and you can do like this right you see i have increased damage oh sorry my mom's calling
[01:41:44] Sorry about that. The question is, the 40% breakpoint outweighs a meager 60% damage increase. Oh, you can't reach the breakpoint? Even like 100% Paragon... Is it Rabbit? What's the thing that gives you quality? I don't know if you're using... Yeah, you can use this. The best way is to use this, right? You can simulate quality as well here. You can do... So this is what you do, right? What's this stat called?
[01:42:36] Yeah, the paragon anoint. You have this. So quality two of all skills, right? You can do that. Plus two percent. Quality of all skills. Boom. I didn't write it correctly. Two quality of all skills. See? So now I have that stat in here. And you can also do 60% increased damage, right? So this is how you simulate it, right? You just use this custom modifiers and you just type them in.
[01:43:08] And you can just like put in, you can just do L here, and then it's invalid, and then it will go away. That's how you do that. Oh, okay, that's great. Sayonara. Nice. Also, remember, it's an instill in Pee Wee 2. VK. Well, it is, but I don't understand why they call it different, where it's these different games, but it depends on what game you play the most, I guess.
[01:45:04] I've called it anoint and people are like, what the fuck is an anoint in my guides? I'm like, oh, right. If you've never played Pv1, you had no idea what that meant. Oh, wait, you're hitting? Oh, because you have the plus five from the chest piece, right. Fine orb, I need that big time. Placed it one on a jewel like an idiot. How do I know if I didn't test it? That aura there is terrifying. It's like, oh, you have half HP. Circle.
[01:47:47] i want to take temp chains too on top of any weakness but that's 50 spirit i'm missing do you have any like curse investment because i feel like it doesn't feel that great with that first investment curses are like pretty powerful too they're just very expensive like i should use a curse i'm like well actually no i shouldn't i would need the intelligence which i do not have are you getting in for that actually how the hell are you getting in for curses you don't have gem
[01:48:38] Adaptive gate building is what I was called. I love that propagating explosions. I still keep killing stuff in one side of the ritual and then I can at the very end when I've killed everything on that side then I can go to the other side. Otherwise I just like keep mixing my targets and it goes way slower. Nice. Another one. Kind of crazy how much they drop now. Oh, I did all of them.
[01:49:57] I'm finally getting like actually good omens now. Holy shit. This is taking me ages. Oh, it's too cheap to defer. I mean, I wouldn't call him Uber. It's just like non-quest Uber, I guess. RB, but sure. I understand what you mean. But yeah, one hit. That is, yep. I mean, generally OP. Generally Ignite is just so good. You get the damage. It's nuts.
[01:51:03] Yeah, Bodark has like what? 12k? 12 mil HP or something? I do agree. I think like Arbiter is just too easy. Like genuinely, the guy is much easier than I would have expected. I mean, I guess builds is too powerful. I don't know. Plus four now. Can I put in tablets? Let me do the Abyss boss. Oh my god. 15 mil. You haven't done Rachel Quest? Damn. The campaign. You have to do that for her.
[01:52:26] Challenges. That's what I'm going to do. I'm going to do... My current goal is just challenges in hardcore, right? Ideally, all bosses, but, like, I don't know. But the problem is I really want to play a classic while. So... This new, like, classic forever. Oh, World Warcraft forever. I completely, like, changed my plans, unfortunately. Like, yep, they hooked me. I can't say otherwise. But hopefully the better, like, and that takes so much time. So...
[01:53:12] true yeah yeah i mean the quests are easy it just it takes a bit of time unless you're playing hardcore in which case it's a bit harder but yeah this thing i don't know when i'm ready to do bosses i feel like i just have to like one shot everything or i'm not doing a boss you're right i can always come back but that's my main problem right now is that i can't die because if i die and i can't like for example if i want to continue playing on soft core it means i have to do the athletes all over again
[01:54:26] Just not too bad like you can you can bang out the atlas pretty quick you wanted to I'm getting shit It's not it's not great though, and if I want to do It in hardcore well, I have to level a new character if I died like all new gear Everything and not die on that character either. I'm just terrified man
[01:55:20] I do like this build. I'm very impressed with how this build does single target. Even clear, like, it genuinely doesn't even feel that slow. Like, the corpse explosions and stuff, if you time things correctly, you just rip through a pack. I would have liked this corrupted blood stuff to be a bit more powerful, but honestly, it is powerful enough. Hmm, where do I put this? This way. It's over there. Oh, that's a reviving one. Why am I getting bosses all of a sudden? I don't understand. I shouldn't be getting bosses. Okay.
[01:57:18] It's just a random chance to get a boss now. I take one of those. Oh, so many additional boss when activated, huh? I've yet to really like update the guy, but it's tough. I guess I can do another snapshot of him.
[02:00:20] As expected. Hey, ulting bolts. Oh, no. I don't want to do that. Oh, my God. We got a boss as well. Delirium. That's good. We want the boss with Delirium. Where's that? The Delirium boss thing. Where are we going this way? I got stunned without a shield there. Oh, another boss. That's just disgusting. Absolutely. It's a cool fantasy. Just like one Giga Ignite. Just boom. You know? It's not like you need to set up that much. Do you?
[02:04:01] You have to freeze before you ignite or anything? I don't think you do. You just like hit that one big ignite, right? Stand right close to Stockholm. Yeah. Also, your eyes are bleeding at the end of it. It's supposed to be 15%, but damn, it feels common to get a boss right now. How many times do I have to defer this thing? Ooh, is it reaching here? Wow.
[02:06:57] That would be crazy if it wasn't I mean maybe for like it honestly good, you know the forest Damn, it's like one marsh pit. It was crazy. May we you'd be so nice. So my HP go down a bit there Let's go some of these bills eyes don't get I love my bills are half my bills are pretty
[02:11:04] Not niche, but, like, there's a lot to it. A lot of puzzle pieces. I'm looking for the Herald of Thunder for the Ranger. I think Monk? Monk? Spirit Gems has it? Usually there's, like, a tab on the left. You can go through different, like, sections of Spirit Gems. Or is it maybe you're using... Ah, yes. Is it maybe that you're picking up the wrong skill gem?
[02:11:55] for example uh you got so you have you have the normal skill gem like this and you have you have this one so you have so if you go for example this is the normal skills right so if you go to the bow right you have bow skills here but you have to get this one which is an uncut spirit gem this gives you like passive effects kind of and then you can go to the ranger and you can get hell of thunder
[02:12:24] I believe the first time you can get this is if you go to Act 1. You're probably there soon. This area here. Freythorn. When you kill the boss in this area, you will get one of those. One of these gems. And you can create Hell of Thunder with it. You probably just need to play the game a bit more. But it is technically a side zone, I believe. Because you go here until the end. But you just want to make sure you go to Freythorn. No worries.
[02:13:02] I think it helped. Go get. Oh, I thought you got it. Did you not drop it? Oh, is this worth something? Is second boom worth anything? It is actually worth something. Yeah, if you can get one. How much is that right now? How much is in the series of convenience? Sounds expensive. What's going on? Why is she taking no damage? There we go. I can take an elevation thing. It's definitely like something weird happens. She was up here and I wasn't hitting her at all. I don't want that. Oh, I didn't realize.
[02:15:56] Damn, that's so OP. Why did I not take this? Sirius takes like five seconds. Oh, I see. Okay. You were just like giving yourself positive RNG. Saying you were going to get it. I know you have that. I'm sure my character can do it zero pretty quick. I need to take Ziri for the quest. The challenges, I mean. Oh, wait. Oh, shit. Yeah, I want to do that. Because now, yeah, recoup of damage. Now I always recoup.
[02:17:42] And he still implies a good damage that he's going to use in presence. I wonder if that works as well. We're going for damage as well here. Do I need- Do I need 30 damage? Boom. That's what you actually want. Something like this.
[02:20:04] Rip. I don't think, is anyone using the sphere this patch? I don't know. I can't remember if they nerfed it or not. Because the scepter is pretty cool. It's like an auto bomber. If you can get the duration down long enough or something. I actually do want to do a zero as well. Because I need to do a zero for the quest. So I might just do that next. Instead of doing Bodak. Bodak scares me.
[02:21:02] I don't think Brodok actually has that much damage. Like, I'm pretty sure I can face tank any skill he has. He doesn't have, like, anti-regen or anything like that. I wonder if I do Arbiter right now. And all I do is I just... I try and do first phase. If he starts doing either of the Meteor or the Wave, I just log out and redo the entire fight until I can stun him and kill him before he does either of those moves.
[02:21:44] Then I did phase two pretty reasonably. I don't think he's going to do much phase two before I can jump. Is there a... There's no, like, value next to them. I have regen so... Like, I have so many different recovery options. I have leech from, like, or recoup from my totems. I have recover every time I use seismic cry. I have, like, 7% base flat regen. I was not doing that much damage there because I guess I couldn't, like, I don't think he got far enough away from the wall or something. Oh, the churn.
[02:23:53] Damn, it doesn't even hurt me. Holy shit, I'm tanking. That's with, you know, 2.8, nearly 300k armor. 30k armor. If I can get those boots, man, oh, that'd be so good. When do you get those boots? Are we using waystones? I was taking a break from Concuser Titan and found another build. And that's your bellmark build. Uh, well, yeah, I mean, to be fair, I do make a lot of the... Most of, like, the cool...
[02:26:11] Titan warrior builds are mine. There's more of a... I think more of my builds are warrior based. But yeah, it's a cool build. It is like... It's much less like... It's much easier playstyle than Concussed Titan, I guess. I mean, Concussed Titan is pretty easily, right? It's much more reliably tanky and chill. But... You know, it has a lot of fire on the screen. I mean, Concussed Titan is melee.
[02:26:59] Not adjacent. Slow and steady. I wonder if Brodug actually gives you any points at all for the passageway. True, true. People do like explosions. I would say the Balrog explosions are a bit less satisfying, but then you have, like, if you're doing the smith version, you have the raining meteors on bosses. That is pretty satisfying. Oh, I actually took damage there. Oh, no, I don't think I actually took damage. You have this warrior build. He's a Warbringer.
[02:29:18] I've done the entire effect. I've Balrog for Smith, Warbringer for this build, and the Titan for Concussed. What's that? I'm doing quite a bit of damage on this map. Feels like it anyway. Might just be fortifying. Tax-packed. This way. Might just be this guy that's just sniping my ass. Ooh, I can get this now. Okay. Boom. How much is this? Not that little? We got that now. That's big. Let's see here.
[02:33:33] Age? No. Reservant spirit influence a possessed monster sacrifice. Ah. I'm going to take this shrine. It kind of spooks me because I'm like, oh no, I do not want to stand in the meteors. But they're my meteors. Where did I do that? There's still another one to go.
[02:40:13] How much is this worth? 6.3 div. Oh, shit. We need this, like, yesterday. Oh, running out of wisdom scrolls. Buy more. Oh, oh. Running out of arguments. How am I liking this build? It's, I mean, for hardcore, I'm loving it, right? It's super safe. I can, like, Fortifying Cry can just clear on its own, like, genuinely. Like, I can clear white and blue mobs, at least with it. Whereas, not so much.
[02:42:57] I can clear rares, but it's a bit too slow for comfort, right? And then I have the totems are completely destroying everything. Like, the fact that I'm on a hardcore character, which means, like, I'm not focusing damage and still just, like, one-shotting bosses in a stun feels pretty good. The defenses are not as good as they can get for, like, their life build, but they're pretty close. But it's a bit on the, you know, it's a bit on the slow side.
[02:43:30] there's some clunk you know it's a two it's a two button build at like at worst right or three even if you consider if you want to use fortifying while the bottom's down but it's dirt cheap like you know the build's so off meta that nobody is even competing for any of your items i'm using a unique mace because it's just so good it means it's dirt cheap as well so that's a positive like all my items are worth like nothing if you were to get it in soft core
[02:44:06] The amount of min-maxing you can do soft core is very interesting. You can get more War Cry oriented in soft core, but I don't know if that kind of defeats the purpose. Exactly. You would go for Fortifying Cry, Prison of the Blade, I think. Yeah. So this skill, Fortifying Cry, just to make sure your corrupted blood does more damage. And you can reliably clear with it super easily, right? See, I can just clear with this, right? Just as one skill.
[02:44:51] Maybe in softcore, you can make it do way more damage. Now, of course, that's expensive, though. You would go for, I guess, crit jewels. You know, you would go away from our crit jewels. You wouldn't take, like... I have, like, crit multiplier on my tree and stuff. Not crit, like, armor. I don't know. Maybe you do one defense, actually, in softcore, even. I'm about to say. For example, I have this. It's against your reduced critical strike. And I have this.
[02:45:30] thing in my body armor reduce critical strike this is something you don't really care about in hardcore i would kind of just ignore it which means you could get something else i think otherwise you kind of want the same you want a lot more spirit right you'd get like gg scepter so you can get six totems instead of just five you'd probably go for a different mace eventually you'd go for the pickaxe the pickaxe gives you crit multiplier
[02:45:59] but you would have to get a really good mace to beat this or and you can also instead of using scepters if you wanted to because i think you can get enough damage to where you don't because you can get two the scepters give you two extra totems basically okay i think this one gives you a bit more but because you need some spirit for support gems actually do i don't know i don't know if you get rid of the scepters you would go for two sockets you go two sockets on your shrine scepter so you get war cry plus one and nova plus one
[02:46:37] Would you go for this helmet? You would still go for this helmet, I think. Probably. You would get crit on everything, like crit on your amulet, crit on your gloves, mage blood. I guess you'd 100% go for mage blood. I can't really think of too much else, though. I do want to update the guide to soft core, kind of oriented, to some extent. I don't really have that much defense either on my passive tree. It's mainly the jewels that are defense.
[02:47:30] There's probably more. You could go for... Nah, I don't think you'd go for Command. Probably wouldn't go for Command. You'd maybe go for more Moon Speed. You would drop... Maybe you'd drop, like, Tempered Defense or something and try and get these nodes here. These Moon Speed nodes. I'm not exactly sure how you fit them in, though. You get rid of damage. It's hard to say. I actually don't know how you fit that in. But having Moon Speed would be real nice. Like, this Moon Speed right here would go so hard.
[02:48:04] Oh, and also you'd get the jewel. I don't know where you put it. I don't know if you can even put it here. Because if it overlaps a Howling Beast, then it's useless. But you want... Oh, no, I think you put it here, actually. Yeah, you put it here. Maybe. Because I don't think it will hit ancestral bond. Then you get this one, which will give you the 20% damage reduction. But it applies a bleed to you instead. Or it does 20% of the damage you take over time instead of instantly.
[02:48:34] I would want that hardcore as well, but it's just so expensive that it's possibly good. I'd have to play in softcore, honestly. Maybe you go... No, you wouldn't. I don't think you need that. Or would you? You could technically go for take out Windwall, take out Jade Heritage, go for imploding impacts. But I feel like having the extra tank is just nice. Probably we just have the tank. The tank is pretty good. Yeah, I mean, yeah. I think the damage is more than enough. Like, you can scale the damage.
[02:49:23] Way higher, right? Jewels, all that. But his kind of speed, that's the thing you want to change to soft core. He has as much moon speed as possible. Mage, blood, and those nodes on the passive tree. I'm trying to think of what other uniques he would use, but in case it's more crit. But you get Garakons. Right, you would get Garakons in the totem. So we go Garakons. Maybe you apply... Nah, I feel like applying parry would just be annoying. Damn, still can't afford that. 8,000. Does this cost? I'll buy it.
[02:50:36] Yeah, it is something very expensive. I agree. You need to do what I'm doing right now. That's fine. It's not like Garakons is that crazy DPS boosts compared to what I have now, but it is pretty crazy. What's going on with my sound? It's like my sound is what's causing the crash or something. There is some bugs, though. There's one bug right now where every time I use Fortifying Cry, for some reason, my totems copy the animation.
[02:51:24] Because if I use Fortify and Cry, it makes this animation where it sucks in the air, kind of. If I summon a totem, it also does it. See how it does that animation there? It's so weird. It doesn't actually cast a skill or anything. It just does the animation for some reason. And the problem with that is that once you have used Fortify and Cry a lot, it starts lagging your game.
[02:51:49] Now this luckily once I switched over to using echoing cry and you know only using fortifying cry every four seconds or whatever It's not that bad doesn't really like your game at that point fine But when you're cat when I was casting fortifying cry like I was casting seismic Then I started lagging my game like crazy like my totems would do black holes Every time I cast them and my FPS would go from like a hundred money But it resets every zone so
[02:52:20] By the time you're done with a map, you know, it's fine. What's going on? What happened there? You see now if I summon my totem, no effects. No additional effects. Just the moment I press fortify and cry, all of a sudden it needs to suck in air as well. So weird. I don't know. GG coding. There's also another bug with the leveling version, which is... There's two bugs. Actually, there's another bug with this build, but this bug is a positive bug.
[02:53:36] if i just summon totems right i can get up to four totems right because i have spirit enough for four totems but if i summon a totem and then swap with my war cry the moment i summon it before it like pops over the ground all of a sudden i have five totems now it's like i get like 75 spirit for free so hey i'm not gonna complain you know hey give me give me 25 more damage i'll take it it's probably a bit more than that x speed
[02:54:11] This one here. Quest Towers. So, that's a nice bug. This Warcry build, which I've, like, done several times, or different iterations of the years, or I guess the years, seasons, has just had, like, all these weird bugs. It's always, like, a positive and a negative. But the other bug is that when leveling, for some reason, the jagged ground from Earthquake, the skill Earthquake,
[02:54:48] doesn't appear it's as if like it it shows up at some like you put it down and all of a sudden it just doesn't appear anymore you can't get extra damage from your totems your shockwave totems it's bad because you want jagged ground right you want jagged ground and when you if you're using earthquake and it doesn't put jagged ground it means your totem is doing no damage because it only does damage when it it's jagged ground
[02:55:15] it's very annoying and the only way to fix it was to log out of your character or log out the character screen and then going back in a new zone would not fix it i don't know i have no idea why i created that unexplainable but i kind of worked around that by using volcanic fissure instead for clear that's kind of fine you can create jack ground via some other method oh this is open alive right now six why did it go up what the hell is going on
[02:56:15] Oh, whoops, that was wrong. Uh, servers? No, I'm pressing the wrong button every time. Oh, no. I'm good now. Good. Five minute rollback? What's that good? Hidden grotto. Oh, I should do tablets. Oh, my God. Why am I lagging so much? My shader. I'm going crazy. Oh, because I've never been in this map. Like, ages. I don't think I've been in this map on Vulcan.
[02:58:36] I might consider going back to DirectX.
[03:00:35] I'm not standing in there anyway. Oh, don't lag now. Not during a boss fight. Get the boss, man. That's better. Put the totems further away. Damn, where's this last, uh... I think I'm tanky. Holy shit. Oh, cool. What happened there? He restarted my game or something. Is it a network? That was a network spike. He's not lagging so much. Still off. Still off. What is this lag? Everything has, like, a delay to it. It's so weird.
[03:04:12] okay at this point i can't get any more i'll kill the boss oh wait wait wait oh this doesn't have 14 armor break that doesn't have it oh okay so i need one more armor break i think war cry speed the vine i'm not paying the vine for this global fizz that's fine where's the area gonna build up some build up with maces not bad life regen
[03:06:11] that's good let me go damn it removed wrong one rip there's another one and a stun builder with maces that's a good one that's a good one as good as this jeweler is i think it's worth that much but maybe i'm sure someone will want that what's this oh this is the other one i see how much armor break i have that doesn't work that doesn't say see here
[03:08:04] 10, 14, 12, 11. Yes, I don't think I need this anymore. One more level, and we got Barrick Strength. Makes it from assuming the health difference. Swap shields as well. Fragments, Tablet. If I do this, I don't get a point. I need it for the money. That's a bit of damage, but I think it's more fire damage. At the end of the day, it's not what I'm in there.
[03:11:37] help that i moved did i even get touched by that but now that i use a tablet i have a chance of getting like other i've not found the best like i mean it definitely feels like i'm getting a lot more xp we get xp on tablets i still have for this i don't even know how to min max i just want as much tribute as possible right oh wait i know what i get i have oh no i didn't take them there we go lines ka-ching oh there it is it's in the boss that fast i'm seeing something
[03:16:59] it's that last monster something missing oh where's this monster where is it's bugged i can't even add points missing four points here okay so that's done level 19 nice first shatter potums is a slam that creates a spike of rock earth shatter is a slam that creates earth four seven five
[03:18:41] That's 22, which is 155. 577. 162. Basically 10%. It's less than 10%, actually. 5%. 5%. Still, it's good damage. Sell this one. Wait, don't I need to use this for the quest? For now, we'll wear that later. Sell it for 7. Wow, Lassen. Welcome in. I have to go to bed now, though.
[03:19:55] Wow, Lassen, welcome in. Let's go to bed now, though. T1 live. Are you playing War Dogs? Are you even playing video games at this point? I thought you were, like, university. Are you jabbing at me, Lassen? Nice of you to reach out. Jesus Christ. Nine hours of lectures? What? I don't think I've ever had a...
[03:21:48] Yeah, this year there's, like, Olympic stuff? What does that mean? Oh, Steam, wait, wait. Is Steam selling the headset now? Steam frame. Not available in my region. Motherfucker. All the lectures can pack together. Oh, okay, I see. So there's, like, less lectures another day. Steam frame price. Is that a replacement kit? Can a face get a head cushion? Light blocker?
[03:23:41] 1,000 euros. Okay. Wait, so you can get it. Okay, so it comes out right away. Well, last in. I gotta call it for today. Thanks for tuning in. I might be on tomorrow. Eh. We'll see. Did you see World of Warcraft announcement last in? No, you don't care about it. It had me hyped, honestly. It's for the best. That game will suck the soul out of you. More ways than one. Alright. Do we hand over?
[03:25:19] Who's streaming right now? Peeflax? Give it to X to Farmer X. Of course you give it to Peewee Streamer. We recognize it. Ah, Major Aimless. Just give it to Farmer. I could give it to Rafty, but honestly, I'll probably just look like... Can't live stream. You know what? Fuck it. Support new creators. Although she's got more views than me. Alright, bye-bye.
