[00:00:34] test test okay now we're just back i have many defensive notes now i just have this that is it that's actually all my defensive nodes hmm i could i don't want to go with this or health vision or 10 strength you're really doing good right when you do the first one i was like doing my this one first because it scares me
[00:03:51] These are pretty much always worth doing. Holy shit. Blue res. Yeah, build's feeling pretty good now. I have to say, like, I did not think I would be able to get War Cries off the ground this early, even though it's not even that early. Like, I'm at the end of the game now, right? Surprisingly, I can clear just fine with it, right? My main issue was, like, sustaining the mana cost. It seems that I sold itself. I sold it. Didn't sell itself. I sold it.
[00:04:40] But the solution I had worked. The question is, I want to transition again to ancestral warrior totems. And that's going to be even more of a challenge, though. I've kind of looked into it, and I can technically switch as early as 54, which is when I unlocked ancestral warrior totems. But I don't know if I want to do that hardcore, because I lose a bit of defense. We'll see. Another thing I'm scared of is that the ancestral warrior totem setup is going to...
[00:06:48] requiring me to not use a shield on set two. I should have enough like Action speed or placement speed where like I barely ever in set two Because I'm just careful when I'm putting down totems So I wonder that that bug fix where like official coffers can now drop Like ribs and stuff like that I wonder how big of an impact that is because it's already noticeable even in the campaign I just have to go to blood magic. It's another thing. I'm kind of scared of already
[00:08:54] spending like least my life but how much life am i spending 18 18 6 it's 42. kind of thing about it i can probably not get like these nodes then i can swap immediately you want these nodes but it's fine yeah i'm tanking so much the shield every time i work right no i do not mean to do that
[00:12:13] okay it looks like the normal ones are worth doing but not the boss ones what it feels like anyway i'll lose plus two levels over my war cry i feel 55 sun or six on 55 to be fair maybe i won't be take it easy on this one ah i should be like okay that's good that could turn into something real good like present come on man be in essence this yeah
[00:14:28] This piece of the unit are crazy, so. Can I seriously run at a dead end? Wow. Oh, maybe down here. Can't wait until I can use normal totems. Ooh, own scepter. Forget I can use normal scepter. Not going in there. Forget about it. Okay, let's think about this. That would be fine. Okay, yeah. Let's tank it, I guess. We're not plugging it out. Holy shit, did that just crit me? What the fuck? God damn.
[00:19:41] Yeah, there's definitely going to be a secondary, like, he's required to apply Quarkly Blood as a secondary.
