[00:40:17] Any of these are too crazy. Oh, wait, Leavangas. That's crazy. Perfect Leavangas. Damn. Yeah, well, I guess I'm selling that because I don't use mana right now, but... With Leavangas? Do I even need... I don't know. I probably still need mana. I'm just pretty good now. Yeah, that's... That effect is just lagging the shit on me, though. That's so annoying. I'm just fine. Definitely feels like I need to... I can't tell if I'm lagging right now.
[00:44:39] Oh, yeah, my FPS drops, like, phrases. Some weird bug there. Every time I summon a totem. Every time I summon a... Every time I summon a totem, my FPS fucking dead. Holy shit. Great. That's just another bug. Why not? Why does it do that, man? I literally lose, like, a... Like, 70% of my FPS every time I summon a fucking totem. Oh, my God. It's like it's casting my Warcraft for some reason.
[00:46:32] All these fancy tombs and even the richest man. Still can't. What? This needs to be on set two. Oh my god. That's one. Now I'm doing no damage. I was summing them on set one. No, that shouldn't even be possible. I was never summing them. Damage is fine. A bit lower than I expected. With fear, I have like lower damage on three. Ascended life flask two. Oh, perfect. Holy shit. Oh my god. That's like GG.
[00:49:41] Life flask. Alright, well. Prodium is at 11. Is that a surprise? I've seen sports at this point. Yo, Reaper. How's work? Were you still at work? I guess you've done that with your nitrate shift. See, we've calmed the builds.
[00:53:03] The build is looking real nice now. Kinda in the state that we want to be. Or playstyle, I guess. Now it's just totems into Fortify and Cry. There's a weird bug, though, where for some reason, the Ancestral Warrior totem seems to inherit Fortify and Cry animation, and it lags the shit out of my game every time I summon a totem. So, nothing new there. But we got some, like, we can put down four total totems down.
[00:53:40] you see we're running a scepter we have no weapon in set one and no shield in set two but i can uh my totems and then swap to my set with war cries and then i have you know the shield uh and still have the spirit still have my home some that summoned out but i don't need the weapon right we got this flask though let's see if we sell that wait no i don't put it shift alt
[00:54:56] Max, it's min, should be 70, right? Oh, wait, they don't exist. Oh, no. It doesn't exist. Holy shit, what? Wow. I think five divines, six divines. There's no way I'm gonna get five divines for that, right? That sounds dumb. Yeah, I might. Put a min max. All right, I'm done with this one. Yeah, nice, Reaper. Okay, yeah, people are, like, tons of people, I guess, are farming, uh...
[00:56:23] Yeah, smart. You never know how these things can go, but definitely day one is very hard to... First weekend is when you should definitely win. People get to do the content. That's smart. Is it on here? Totem skill gems. No, you don't want that. You just want lambs, right? Nova skill gems. Wow, 15 div. Damn. Rich. You can't wear helmets. This helmet is honestly terrible now. I can't.
[00:57:53] yeah plus four one under yeah nice one yeah i mean swapping to the two hand is yeah plus one is nice but you need a very good two-hander and all that strength i'll say don't worry about that early can i've got some trinkets why is level 27 sticks wait what why such a low base see can i
[00:59:10] yeah it's true it's like it's both good and bad it's like a weird one you know it is very good that you know you can scale damage so high by just getting levels right at the same time you can't get damage without scaling levels oh i doubt this exists but what if fry
