[01:00:27] Damn, exploding the corpses does so much damage. Holy shit, that damage. Yep. Tank slams. I need to get a better weapon, man. I think the Jade Club might actually go pretty hard here. I don't know how much chance to hit do I have. That's pretty terrible at range. Oh fuck, why'd I click that? Need a better weapon. I think I just need to go crit, get accuracy. Can't even attack? What's going on? There's no way it has that slow attack speed. Flags me is so annoying and it's never gonna fix itself.
[01:04:33] Damn it. Why don't I use this first? I was doing both warm-race. Why do like 20 FPS? Okay, maps. How much mana do these cost? 61. Wait, did I forget to... Yeah, Reaper Shell? Or were you wondering? It does not. No, Reaper Shell. There's no part that... Strength stacking doesn't exist anymore ever since 0.5.
[01:14:16] There is no strength stacking on anything. Normal Corrupted Blood doesn't have strength stacking either. There's no strength stacking attributes. No, Corrupted Blood's never scaled off strength. Oh, sorry. In 0.5, Corrupted Blood, there's no inherent property to Corrupted Blood scaling off strength. That was just the old support gem. Had the damage based on strength. They removed that in 0.5. And it scales up levels instead. I wish that would be sick. Honestly, that would have been awesome if it...
[01:15:42] There was like an idea there kind of with how they were doing batter shouts Where it scaled up strength, but they removed that part never added it again Yeah, if you're asking AI then AI will tell you skills of strength. Yeah, but it does not Yeah, always ask the goats Well, if you can google something or whatever or figure out something yourself then That's the ideal scenario, right? But always you get correct information Looking in the wrong place
[01:17:54] the theory build ability to go all right the what scales of strength now there's not much strength scaling in the game anymore killer and the pace breakers i guess if you want you know one scale string i don't think you just well i guess you can do something technically we do that on power build generally i can dream
[01:18:43] That sprinkler true. Yeah, however, let's bring to her. Yeah, that's actually yeah, that's actually the main one That one genuinely gets a lot of damage from scaling strength doing I need to use
