[01:20:17] we're just with cast on dodge i know it works for refutation but she's not taking damage i'm gonna die the my like maybe there's a cast on dodge find it out there oh that's a bear are you going to translate the packs packs for the level of damage is kind of mad before mapping uh you i uh this is not the gemling build it's a different build copium tv
[01:23:12] Pax Pact, I might... I don't know. I'm in hardcore, so I don't know what I'm going to do, if I'm going to use Pax Pact or not. I have ideas. But I do, if you're going to play the gemling leak starter, and I would recommend not swapping to Warcries until you have Pax Pact. The problem with this build and going Pax Pact is, first of all, I want to spam the ability. Pax Pact means I can't spam it. I'll die, right?
[01:24:21] Second thing is that... It cancels the cost. Maybe it's possible? I don't know. I don't think it's possible to spam. Like, 20% of your life is just Titan. You did Titan, Corrupting Cry? Is that what you're saying? Yeah, Titan, I mean, depends. I don't know what build you're talking about, but Titan's good. I can go for that, maybe. Damage in here. I kind of want to go with this. Let's get that. I think so.
[01:25:56] Wait, so you're playing Corrupting Cry, but on a warrior. Like me, I guess. Another reason why I don't want to use, why I can't really use Pax Pack is that I'm not scaling. I won't be able to scale levels as much on this build because I'll be using a scepter instead of a mace. Okay, this may be an angle where I just don't use scepters. But at that point, I would need pretty good gear. It depends. Like, if I can scale Pax Pack to the point where I, like...
[01:26:38] so it's clear of them but i just don't see that happening on this character hardcore character or third option is that what i do is i use two war fries one that i spam and one fortifying right that's an option i think this party will do have like a support work right but even then i still won't have levels
[01:28:02] You can make war cries work. I mean, I'm technically it's working like I can clear white mobs and blue mobs But you know, it's not ideal This lag is honestly running away and burn it down Why infernal cry? I mean you can scale infernal cry. Yeah, but I think at that point there's no reason to use infernal cry over Fortifying right fortifying is way better on a Titan There's zero reason to use infernal cry
[01:29:45] Yeah, exactly. If you're doing Titan, you shouldn't be using Fortify. You should use Fortify and Cry in every situation you should use. I see your character now. Awesome. But there's literally zero reason for you to use Infernal Cry. Dude, there's no corpse explosion. You know why? Because you have Brutality. You know what Brutality does? Supporter skills deal no elemental damage.
[01:30:19] so your explosions from infernal cry do nothing literally nothing your gear would be so much cheaper and like everything would be so much easier to gear if you use fortifying cry and you would have defense for free okay cool build though i guess okay but you did the same thing i'm guessing right you used infernal cry so yeah yeah this is gemling right this gemling makes much more sense
[01:31:00] Because Imperial Cry gets AoE with the quality, right? But if you're playing Titan, you definitely do not want to use... Wait. Is this guy in Standard? Goons of Eldor League. Oh, wow. He's already gotten this core rallying in there. It's a Nova skill! Oh my god! You can use two of them? No fucking way. No fucking way. No fucking way. Reaper. Alert. Alert. Alert.
[01:31:45] You here, Reaper? Okay, thank you for showing me this, Copium. Holy shit, this guy's big brain. Oh my god. Oh my god. Oh my god. Holy shit. Reaper, there's another rune you can use. You can use two runes. One for Nova skills and one for Warcry skills. Oh my god. Holy shit, we got so buffed. What? That's crazy.
[01:32:49] Damn, I wish I could add a- how do I add that to my guide? Maybe it's in there? Damn, thank you for showing me that, uh, Copium. Damn it. Okay, so you can reach 40 on the Infernal Cry version pretty easily now, actually. Well, not pretty easily. You still need, like, corrupted uniques, right? This is a fucking standard build, though, that I'm looking at. It's absolutely nuts. Yeah, it's basically, uh, it's just...
[01:34:03] Plus, getting a Corrupted Sun Splinter as well, because you need the one that has fire skills. I think that as well. And getting a Scythe of Spear with plus one. I don't know. Actually, maybe that's not too hard, actually. But getting one with three sockets. How does this guy even have three sockets? What? How does he have three sockets on Scythe of Spear? That's not even possible. That's crazy, though. What's it called? It's called Rippling. I don't know if this is in the database yet. Hmm.
[01:35:32] That makes me think that I can't I still I'm still missing the plus two strength gems sucks Damn, I can't believe they added that. That's so crazy. That's such a mega buff Both of those bills. That's actually nuts It's for something but dude that bill clears the whole game that set up yours Why did you add the copium? I said I wonder yeah, but it does make me think that I could That's just like re-roll gently and you know
[01:37:48] Actually, maybe that's what I'll do. I don't know. Maybe that's what I'll do. Like, genuinely. Just re-roll Jemling on AC after this build. Yeah, I just... I don't think Titan... Like, Titan just doesn't bring much to the table. But I understand. I understand. But look, the leveling of the Jemling was, like, one of the fastest levelings in the game. With Twink setup, right? I sure want this. I can imagine Copium, but again...
[01:39:16] Yeah, I guess. Yeah, sure. There's no difference between Infernal Cry. Right, she's transitioned. Okay. I just want to, you know, drill in the point that Infernal Cry was a bait. The explosions look cool, but there is no actual explosions. Like, it's not doing anything.
