[01:39:55] cool but there is no actual explosions like it's not doing anything opium have you ever did you play the the delve event where you could only play delve level up and stuff actually the whole game was just dell right you ever play that in pv1 i'm interested there's another option where i just don't use packs packed i do exactly what i have now but i just don't use pack packs like packs packed having a higher multiplier is so nice
[01:41:17] Nah, in that scenario... In that scenario, I just used two more heists. Oh, you played devil back here. But have you... Did you play the... I mean... The example, like, for all I've seen is that the leveling where you level through delve and stuff, it just... I don't know. It just doesn't have fun. Okay, so that's what I'm saying, Copium. That was a thing, too. You could level with heist. It was the most miserable event ever created.
[01:43:02] People hated it. People absolutely detested it. Was that just an XP problem? Maybe. But still, people hated it. Like, people quit immediately. Heist, like, heist leveling was a thing. The heist leave. People couldn't get to, like, level 20. They would just, they just instantly quit. Personally, I think, uh, you'll miss the campaign. Honestly, I thought that was better. Heist.
[01:44:37] What is it? Here's your gold. Oh wait, I haven't got to your jewel, don't I? Global fill, increase damage with work horizons, oh. Hey. Worker speed, rage and melee hit. Well, the crocodile sign, I'm confused. What's best, what's worst? Delve or heist? You already requested holiday off, smart. I don't think Ancestral...
[01:45:57] which if totems will have, uh, Ancestive Warrior totems will have access to swords. You can only use maces currently with, uh, Ancestive Warrior totems. So, I don't want to speculate, but if I were to guess, it wouldn't work. It would be sick, though. The thing is, like, how would that even work, Copium? All the sword skills have, like, a ready stance and all that kind of stuff. How would the totem use that properly? I'm checking for life. No problem.
[01:47:27] Glad it's working out. Probably through. I guess it has a bit of low points in the campaign. Initially I was trying to do this build you're doing now. Reason now it might be the same person we created. Oh. I mean this one? Like the totem war cries? Yeah. I would definitely recommend it if it weren't for the bug. You see like the totem starts like war crying. I think the more war cries I do, the more it war cries and it's just like it just lags the shit out of the game every time you summon. It's so annoying.
[01:48:10] But if I can get the... If I can just clear reliably with Pax Pact, then it might not be too... Uninfused versions. Yes. I gladly like the Balrog build. Stable for sure. We build around Cry Explosions on Jemling. Ah, okay, yes. That's the other build, yeah. Now, the Jemling, that's... Yeah, that's Jemling. This is a Warbringer, so it's a bit... Sure, I am War Crying to do Crop the Blood like this, right? But that's, like, more of a secondary thing.
[01:51:01] but yeah the gambling is super good built and it's got giga buffed this patch in 0.05 not just for show a 0.5.5 i don't want any of these huh in liquor totems i think i noticed that i could work i guess but totems themselves don't move instead they have uh that they have um i'm blanking blanking
[01:52:28] They have that little guy that walks out. Someone like a spirit. If they do let that work, it would be like a spirit that flickers once, and then it would only flicker from that point. Personally, I don't recommend this build. I'm playing hardcore, so this build, I mean, the build would be good. Don't get me wrong. This one bug that slags the shit out of the game, I don't know.
[01:53:20] Maybe it won't be so bad once I get like packs packed, do some different setups, but ideal. It's so depths of this, right? Look at that. It's like tanking my FPS. I mean, that builds pretty good, Ravzee, but the thing is, that was a lot of abilities. They were using a lot of abilities to make that work, and I think people will hate.
[01:54:25] having to constantly if he if he can get like frenzy charges or something and then just go into blood stance whirling assault no uh cyclone right away then it'll be pretty good sure but i don't know how live will that be but i'm pretty sure yeah swords well installed all that stuff is gonna be sick can you sustain it's probably gonna be a build that just goes pure in on the flicker yeah it's 100 gonna be built like that right that's my dishwasher done
[01:56:01] what do i go for now i want to go for this really it's on the build oh it's all right camera completely it's terrifying i'll definitely be playing swords raspberry unless there's like something crazy i'll probably be playing swords would i be playing dualist ascendancy or like the actual class that's a good question like ever since
[01:57:02] New Class and Senesies have been released. I've never played them on League Start. But I have played the skills. Explosions, though, clear by themselves. I want cast when... Not when stunned. I want cast on stun. That was supposed to be in the game, but they never added it. Oh, fuck. I need to be careful.
