[02:00:31] Dude, I mean there's some definitely there's some like done like get purposely getting stunned like this one for example is really good And you know like just you have no some threshold on invasion You have enough vision to where when you get hit you get stunned, but you like insta recharge on your shields Okay, insta isn't correct, but how did you know they're not gonna be different to Pathfax I want pretty much so far. They've changed up how they be uniques
[02:02:15] Holy shit. The fuck was that? I just got dinked. My defense aren't even that bad. I mean, I guess it's not that much armor. Just getting nearly one shot there. Did I stun? Or no, it was a stun, but was that a, um, crit? I died if it weren't for this. Just slow movement is cocking me. Oh, yeah. The monkey anthos. He's doing that. No, I don't know about that, Reaper.
[02:03:58] I don't think there's enough. I don't think so, but we'll see. I said that, yeah, damn, it would be really good. On like a new character or whatever, but it's still just an event league. I'm taking it easy. I'm just starting to get chunked. Update my defense. But what, just get more armor? I don't really know. Drew two levels is indeed two levels. It's nuts. What did you do about the spirit, though?
[02:05:26] Get spirit on the ambit, I guess. I want to just go, like, what do you drop? Gloves, I guess. Don't really get corrupted gloves. Taxpack is one div on AC trade. Only one of these is. It's honestly not too bad. It makes sense, you know. AC trade is SF lite. Oh, block too. Is there any more block? London has the worst connection. Isn't it called the London servers? Oh, it just has bad internet.
[02:07:18] Yeah. I can believe. All right. I was going for this. Hmm. Recovery. Oh, my goodness. What is that damage? Armor's fine. It's so good. PS damage. Whoa. Divine Orb. Holy shit. My goddamn box. Oh, no. I'm paranoid now. Opening every box I come across. Kind of by the backwards. Honestly, maybe I should. Yeah. I'm not getting any support gems. I need support gems right now.
[02:14:43] i feel like packs would just go down price though there's no way it's gonna get more expensive are you an ac by chance or something how would you know the price holy what the additional projectiles like a shotgun my rare oh my goodness and real sketchy it's not quality ever cries it will kill me okay it will kill me the current set up anyway i've never gotten this far why can't i get out of this
[02:16:42] i can get out of it that way i guess i need to upgrade my weapon man real bad all right and with axe yeah but i want to spam the war cry yeah i want to spam it what i'll probably do is i'll spam seismic cry i don't have i don't have a weapon i don't know maybe i should wait see okay now we go to four wait what deserted post
[02:19:00] All right, let's go here. Hey, I got the endgame, though, in the hardcore. I've done it. It's the first time I've ever gotten the endgame in hardcore, I think.
