[02:19:55] I don't have no support gems. Like genuinely, I'm just not picking up support gems at all. I'm about to buy them. I haven't picked up a single tier 5 support gem. Love your poison poop build before the weapon swap with unique boots. Before the weapon swap. Yeah, you're talking about firefighter, right? Yeah, I know. I love it too. FTA, like, it's my end and leak build for sure. Feels so smooth and works super well.
[02:21:41] i'm glad you like it it's five divines though opm where'd you get the one divine from it'll go down of course i don't know about zero button but it's one button yeah technically it can be played zero but it's a lot slower more like mid max aoe and just wait for your poison to naturally spread is someone selling it on here right why why what why
[02:23:22] Why is there a guy doing this? Has he not figured out how to use the trade system? Is he free to play maybe? Does that matter? I don't think that matters. You still have currency exchange. I think I do want to buy this one. There's none. Oh, is it a gold thing? You know what I'm going to do? Flip it. Oh, anyway. I don't think it's going to sell. Parker makes everything. The thought of doing maps is terrifying. Fine.
[02:26:10] like the red veil back home the five levels to go before i can even just packs packed it's only leveled yeah this clear is pretty tragic i'm playing so careful and slow i even remove speed then i get rid of this shitty helmet helmet gently holding it back i need to have range
[02:30:25] what i do i think what i'll do is i'll have seismic cry which has range and i'll just have fortifying cry going automatically on the side and with packs packed and i really don't want to get close to today anyway i actually don't i'm just terrified and i just want to like do this like seismic cry from range having two war cries going at the same time would be sick i just don't want to get in there everyone's happening over there needs to continue happening over there
[02:32:12] Why is deliberate 14% of that on that rare mob? Wait, what? Why is it 14% of that rare mob? I like some weird buff effects or something. Oh, fuck. Hey, yeah, not standing there. Fallen would go hard. Yeah. I do want to check. This gives me 150 spirit, which means so I lose two totems. Damn.
[02:33:38] I got from four to two totems. Maybe that's fine. My Warcry does so much damage. I don't have three divines, though. I'm surprised the guy's swelling already, though. Okay, we need to buy support gems. Like, genuinely, I just don't have any support gems I'm dropping. Like, I looked for those bugs or something. National Projection. Is it doing this? That's kind of crazy.
[02:35:27] Dealer would love to spam fortifying and just have a seismic swap, but unfortunately fortifying is the only way I can scale. I might use astral instead of plus one. Save that. Play safer. Yeah, I think you're right. I just don't feel tanky at all. I'm looking at Noogie. Obviously he's got, you know, character now.
[02:37:16] He's got like 7k energy shield like fuck I would love that Love that I'm definitely thinking of just going all-in on the war cry at that point while I'm playing war bear. Oh, I don't know I guess I can start it I guess this I don't have two When do I have I kind of a lot of money and mace Let's go pike pick pick that one. Let's go mace Wow, this one's actually really good
[02:39:29] Wow, it can go so high too. Shit, Sadie's Mercy is just a really good weapon. Who's this skill do?
