[03:21:07] The lag is really a vibe killer. Shit. What is this bug? Why is my totem casting Forcry animations? Like, what the? Looks badass, but at the same time, it's just so distracting. Let's try and do this. What is even going on? Oh, that was never on set one. Ooh. Who knows? The compounding skill effects of fortifying and seismic. See, now it's fine. If I start casting...
[03:22:09] All of a sudden, they start casting it, too. Oh, has someone done that in hardcore now? Oh, they don't exist. I mean, they did. Hopefully, when I get Corrupting Cry, Pax Pact going, it will solve some of the issue. But, jeez, that, you know, rough. It's just so funny, though, because, like, pretty much every single season, totems have had some sort of FPS killer. It's not even funny. Or some visual artifacting or something. It's just...
[03:23:37] jeez they just can't get totems right get some uh drink no way am i rich am i rich did i just sell what i think i did oh my all right yeah so i don't know if i i don't think i invest in swallowing yet i don't have enough block chance to get anything out of swallowing yet and i want a good swollen right i don't want a bad stolen you need i mean it's good but you need i want to cap my block chance is 50 percent
[03:29:14] And you want a Svalon that doesn't let you take damage when you get hit. Or at least not much. Myth of Kitab with Warcries and Animate Weapon. You have a vivid imagination. Yeah, so the reason I can summon Social Boyer Totems is because of this keystone here. My Social Bond. No charge or primary for placing totems. Totems reserve 75 Spirit instead. That's why I'm using Scepters so that I can summon them by using my Spirit.
[03:30:18] Don't know why I can't save that sure. I think I just saved that currency I figured my this weapon or like the really good weapon was it called really madness This thing say this mercy or divines is way too expensive though. It's a bad role to This thing is just nuts early on get much better than this one Even this thing is insane. Well, I'm gonna get a better helmet. Do I buy a better helmet though?
[03:31:36] How much money do we have? Ooh, that's gonna cost. Oh, it's already not a terrible item. Can I use this on this? I can. Oh yeah, Masquerie? Glad it's working out. I know that my... I keep saying this every time someone mentions it, but the leveling sections for the Concussed Titan aren't bad, right?
[03:32:44] But, uh, I mean, I did it on League Star, then. Similar. Ooh, Cold Res. Fair enough, Masquerade, yeah. You kind of have to do some filling the Blacks there. Well, so far, I have been Copium. Any resistances? Great. We can do those. Gems. Security of Fire. Fill all these things we can have active. Yeah, I'll do two. All we want. Decision, for sure. Yo, Fabio, what's up?
[03:34:18] Yeah, the blue moon. I stream every blue moon in Path of Exile. I'll have some. Fair enough, I guess. Well, you have other shit going on. I don't. I'm gonna have to use this for now. Nah, I'm gonna get out. I'm not greedy. That's good. Templism. Templism here. Accuracy. Yeah, I think that this should go up quite a bit now. Yeah, it's always active. Keep this out.
[03:36:29] Yeah, that's perfect. Solves accuracy problem. Oh, Fabi, you would have loved... I don't know how you're much into exercising and stuff. I mean, you are into exercising, right? But... Yesterday, I was a part of... Schist Jägerlöfer. I don't know if you've heard of it. It's organized by Midlifteedlet. And honestly, Honestead, the most fun race I've ever been a part of. Genuinely. It's complete dog shit weather. Like, pouring, like, pissing down. Like, really windy.
[03:38:17] But, still, I enjoyed it. Those obstacles, like, the obstacles you have to go through are much more extreme as well than I thought. Especially during bad weather. And I was also the first in my, like, group, I guess. Like, company. I don't really know my time or anything yet. If they even track that stuff. Probably I need to sign up with my email. I forget that. Also, what surprised me, I didn't really know what it was going to be like.
[03:39:29] It was like crawling on their stuff and going through caves. That was kind of expected. But like the third obstacle was like, okay, cross this lake stream. It goes up to your head, you know? Oh, okay. Alright. At that point, I was like trying to jump over puddles and maneuver around muddy areas. And all of a sudden, yeah, you're going straight in the water.
