[03:39:55] and all of a sudden, yeah, you're going straight in the water. And after that, I was like, oh, I don't even care anymore about jumping in the puddles. But, like, getting sucked in by... Yeah, I felt tough. I definitely felt tough. What's next? I don't know about that one, Bobby. I don't know about that one. It's still hurting. It was fun, though. Because, I don't know about, like, just... I guess running through the mountains was also quite a bit of fun. You know, having to, like, maneuver around rocks. You know, okay, how...
[03:41:34] I want to pick up the pace. Where do I have to step? Make sure my foot doesn't cave in. But we still have 7km too, which was also surprising. Did not feel like it, surprisingly. Even though I'd be way more exhausted doing this than doing, you know, a normal 10km. But I guess you don't really keep pace like you would in a 10km. You have to take breaks sometimes, especially when you're going uphill. That could be worth something.
[03:43:20] One more level and we can equip Pax Pax. Oh wait, Debilitate is its own move speed slow, isn't it? Oh. It makes shit super slow. Oh, fuck me. I knew you had an anchor move, but I was not ready for it. It was sponsored by work, yeah. So it was with my team. I don't think, I don't know if I could even do it. I guess you could do it individually, but yeah, it was with my company. We were like 10 people, I think, something like that. 10 year friendship anniversary on Discord. Damn.
[03:45:19] Oh nice Wait, gold? No, that's not the helmet I thought it was. I don't need this. I wonder if this is worth something. It's a cool item though. I know, yeah. Didn't we have discord during the beta days? Pretty sure either. I've not got a single tier 2 yet. There's shit on my screen. They actually positioned my tones a bit better.
[03:51:42] Right? Wait, what? I don't have packs packed yet. I don't have any levels. I have no levels. Yeah, you're 100% right. The Warcry damage is not even going to be close to anything Gemling can achieve. This is not really my main focus, right? Just the plus two levels from Gemling is like more than anything this Ascendancy can do for Grumping Briar, right? It wants your packs packed anyway. I like playing hardcore, but I don't say I like playing hardcore, but I am playing hardcore.
[03:53:41] I like living in hardcore, right? So... This Ascendancy is a bit better for that. The gemlings version is just, like, giga-juiced now. After the... We got plus two levels for free. Match. It's honestly insane. There we go, level 65. Fuck that. I'm going for this. I think I'm going for a dual socket. I'm not sure what to go for now. I was going for something on the side here. And I had to have it. Fuck.
[03:55:41] this is my block hey better shield packs pack time i'm gonna do this this this the setup there and interludes now we go so this is pretty good anymore one see how that goes i guess i don't have a fragment
