[04:00:05] Now, here's the question. Why can't we get a plus four weapon? What? It doesn't exist? Opium, are you explaining this to me? You do realize I made the Fortify and Cry build lastly, right? I know how it works. Did you not see my build lastly? You keep coming in here to explain stuff that I know. I appreciate it, I guess, but no, honestly, I don't appreciate it.
[04:01:17] i understand how it works thanks i agree yes it's very hard you can't go back once you uh figure that out or see this builds a bit different you can have to i should see how it is just this i want to go this right away all right we wanted something else on our seismic find a way forward go rage or we go something else go rage i think we should go raging right that does not add a multiple
[04:03:24] Regen was my HP rate. We have two war cries going at the same time. Yeah, it's working alright. I'm surprised how well it's working with like no scaling. Shit. The last save right now too though. The lag went down as well because I'm not using the war cries much. I think. Is there something? How lag works? And I'm full of rage all the time. I'm literally from a rage. What does that mean?
[04:06:44] I was being full rage mean like 1% increased armor. Yeah Four points for that four points with 30% There's gonna be a beast So the boss, you know solar ammo down these expensive It's not so much many gym cars They'll only tier one man. This guy can fuck man. We're tanky. I'm working though. I can say little buttons though It's not as good as I thought it would be
[04:16:38] Normal crit don't work on thorns, gotta be global. Uh, unsure about that one, Chief. I know that, um, thorns is decent, but the problem is delivery mechanism is spanky. There's some theories going around, though, that you can do a mana stacker, eventually, uh, with, um, so you have this node here, which gives you six base crit on thorns, which is pretty good, but, uh, with the swords. Because Cyclone will allow you to use
[04:17:17] both a strike and a aoe skill or a strike yeah both the strike and aoe skill which gives you the lighting i don't know about the copter and we're back to doing this essence is pretty good i guess early mine is good as well i've gotten this shield like so many times four times
