[05:27:07] fix me up do i need a coffee is that it do we just need a coffee and we're like pumping hot cup of java but is it even java anymore like where is java just a coffee bean sword where does this like hot cup of java come from i want to know what i literally ask you don't want to know what the there's nothing there's nothing i would want to know more in my life right now if you guys want to know
[05:28:41] if you guys keep this up chat oh finally delirium passive point i love gaming played magic for the last two days now it's time for our poe grind oh what build are you going with and why is it a spore monk if coffee tastes bitter it's because it's either been roasted too hard or it's mainly because it's been roasted too hard or depending on how it's been prepared mainly to do with a too hot of a roast like too dark of a roast like
[05:30:20] so the whole like the whole like the whole like poo thing i think that has to do with how it is like it's like a form of fermentation i mean the way you develop flavor in coffee is through fermentation yes i'm eating sort of pt you are watching uh oh i know you didn't watch i don't know if they're loads to get what the animal is called
[05:31:26] It's like, it's right on my tongue. What is this? Oh my god, it's the explorers. What the hell? What is going on there? What is this? I just call it community, you know? Community building. I'm cogging. No, I want to see the boss fight. GGG! Can I see the game? Plague Link? That was another boss.
[05:32:36] Okay, now we're doing the ritual. There's another boss there. Oh, yes, I can see it That was a good transition Okay, it's coming. It's coming big loot explosion. Here we go. Oh my god a heavy belt wait Is that a hit hunter? Damn, that looks juicy. Is that so ramps free?
[05:33:41] This is a decent amount of changes, content, but I would say... Unless you didn't play 0.5, then tuning in now is that exciting. That's a move. You shouldn't even pretend like that, GGG. If you didn't play in 0.5, then... How much rarity are you on? I don't think it would be a fixed trial of Chaos, but I'm on like 50. No f***ing way, what?
[05:34:20] No way the timing Oh wow, yeah, then yeah, then there's plenty of stuff for you I'm gonna come back in now
[05:34:54] And then I die. And then I die in the middle of explaining how if you get hit, then I should have more evasion than I have. Okay, well, according to my calculations, right, if I be going at this pace, I will be done with the campaign in less than five hours. I'm getting owned! No way. Okay, this is winnable. I just have to...
[05:35:31] Two ancient guardians are ancient guardians I'm just Wow projectile has a hitbox. I had no idea. I thought just the place is in the ground Whoa 20 million
[05:36:18] That's true. I'm scared of Macos. I don't have time to play anymore.
[05:37:10] Because Jamantha's a little bit- What? This early? This was a lot easier. Divine! Guys, look at that. Is that good?
[05:38:02] I've seen a tweet where someone basically... Wait. Wait. Okay, let me get you guys. Oh, the fight's bugged. Wait, the fight is bugged and you guys are dead. I can't res you. There's like laser beams on your corpses. Yeah, dude, I can't even res you, boys. Sorry.
[05:38:33] Yeah, they're literally laser beams on your corpses Wait, I just died when going through the portal? What? That gives me deja vu. I feel like that happened last night
[05:39:19] Damn! Vendorvet? Okay. I'm so sorry.
