[05:59:57] i found my peewee 2 character watch niggy do just one divine on hardcore seriously hold that i check the actual price hmm alt six in plays around this it just doesn't even have chaos resistance what i understand what similar to this okay what's new one is bound to buy that i'm using this i didn't have mana
[06:05:01] i can get life that's expensive seems like a good deal there is no loot factor for uh sbl rock i don't make loot filters for any of my builds uh personally i don't think it should be an expectation but i guess other creators have set that expectation which is fine but i i won't
[06:05:47] at it that is too too much preference too much can go wrong i can't i don't want to update all my filters and stuff you know there's no filter for it if you want to make have it like a filter that works through the campaign then i recommend uh just taking going filterblade.com or yeah and then making warrior with armor gear but taking staffs instead of maces okay
[06:07:54] this is what i'm gonna do i'll show you how to do it oh no i do not have filter but actually wait a second okay i don't know if i'd recommend that one but those spl rock those are my filters those are the filters that my i currently have on my account right
[06:08:58] But, I mean, I'm currently using a different one. I'm using Never Sync, yeah. But I'm using HC Warbringer. This one. It's all Never Sync. I just recommend you have staff, you know, quarter staff. You too, Esporok. Enjoy the build. Sit on the boss. Omen of lights dropping like crazy? Seriously? I haven't gotten far enough into the campaign or into any game, right? Still on Tier 2 maps, you know?
[06:13:47] cage oh that would i wonder if this is what you use on flicker yeah i think they fixed they definitely fixed something as well with the they fixed something with chests and i'll actually drop stuff because i'm getting like you can like you can actually drop stuff from the chest now for you like you got some random bears maybe some currency but you never got the abyss currency for some reason it was bugged this entire time i could be wrong wrong that's just my guess
[06:15:28] Little divine orbs. Can I get the weapon? Sadist Mercy. I think it's just that one that exists. Oh, wait. This one's actually way better than the other one. It's still pretty quick. Should I buy it? Four divines, though. Deesh. And it's five grueling madness and hit. Fuck it. I don't know if it's worth it, but... That's how I'm going to spend my currency on. So much grit on this thing. Actually, disgusting. Oh, I'm getting soccer stuff and scepters, too. With strength.
[06:17:22] just go with damage right wrong with damage done build up hmm could be fun by it's you fill that in as soon as i can that was all my exalts okay oh greater jewelers orb gotta use that on sure i don't think the fire and cold is enough to matter you just go brutality solid one know what i have in my pressing fissures there's no brutality bleed
[06:19:00] bleed okay yeah bleeds actually probably dead all they inflict incision right both of those actually i would like might have to i wonder what i'd go for maybe i go for a shattering blow as my noit your guilt guilt
