[06:40:15] Would love to go here. She has something gives me How many choices? How is this though? That will ramp. You can't get much. That's whatever. No, Chris. No. But. Kind of. Let me show my screen. So if you do exclamation mark build, the one at the top, that's the...
[06:45:37] what I'm playing but it's currently not updated. This is- a lot of this stuff is old from previous seasons and doesn't work anymore, right? What I'll do is I'll do import. That's my current character if you want to look at that. You can also just check my stream for what I did. You know, just check my VODs if you want. I'll eventually update this. Yeah.
[06:46:46] and you know of course ask me questions it's there it's like the leveling is similar but it definitely deviates after like i don't know level 30. this build won't be until 1.1 i never played the new class when it first releases let's rename this warbringer i definitely need to work on the guide bless one of those things where you know i can't work on the guide and
[06:48:34] play at the same time. And I'm not like other content creators where I have like a pre-made something that I've already tested. I don't like making guides for something I haven't, you know, played yet, basically. I've already deviated a lot from what I initially played. And this is hardcore, which means I've made a couple decisions that I probably wouldn't normally. Is Bladefall in the game? I don't think a class is Bladefall. Why do I just insta-stun the mob?
[06:50:02] hey the damage is definitely cracked now that weapon just goes so hard i have like no multi on the tree too it's coming with duelists okay the blade fall was a spell that's pretty good damage you can damage i think i can do that with a unique which is like dirt cheap relatively cheap i'm sure it's cheaper than soft core sounds good
[06:51:32] Ooh, that could be good as well. Okay, I think I'm gonna go for this, into this. Go for this, perfect. Oh my goodness, so up. Oh, yeah, I guess, okay. Yeah, I mean, sure. I guess, in a way, that is blade ball. It puts in lingering blades, you know? But they've changed up how lingering blades work, right? But you're not wrong. Superior silver royal cash. Oh, shit.
[06:52:47] let me go for the rally yeah i mean to be fair if you think about it banzi suppressing fire isn't that what you want i mean suppressing fire also has a cooldown but it's a bit more reminiscent reminiscent because it uh it shoots three times rains down three times just kind of like unleash no it isn't it's like an actual build bansky you seen that yeah yeah check out calterac or crouching tuna i think made a build as well
[06:53:38] I'm playing so many of these, by the way, the time trials. I know it's random, but still. I love them. Uber bosses. What are uber bosses? There's no such thing as uber bosses in B2. Alright, Chris. Yeah, if you like totems, just covering the screen with totems and exploding everything, then this is the build.
[06:55:48] And like Cropting Cry, Spice. Yeah, exactly. That's what I was saying, Bansley. Ooh, damn, that's rough. Should I do this? Just because I'm like right next to the boss anyway. Oh no, crap. Okay. Wait, I have... Wait a second. No, I should have done that. I should have done that. You know why? No. Oh no, never mind. I used that one up already.
[06:57:45] I thought I had a boon that converted the next affliction into a boon instead. But that was what we used up. That's good. All these are insane. Moonspeed. I feel like I'm already going to want something. Yeah, choking is, yep, you can easily, especially in the fourth area, that's where, like, chicken goes south quick. Okay, looks like we're fine.
