[07:01:32] honestly with this kind of damage i'm feeling i'm genuinely feeling uh i mean five totems is nice but i feel like i can get pretty far with just three we have a weapon swap ascended that was easy now here's the question i go for wooden wall or jade heritage i feel like wooden wall is better it prints all damage right it hits it heritage gives you you know base pdr which is can be really good which gives you like a massive shield you know
[07:02:40] I don't think I have enough health. We can go, you know, Renly's training for block. I think I wouldn't well. Is that conist? Is that just currency? New boots. Who said it was good for warrior leveling? Balrog bear is solid for warrior leveling. Yeah. There's other variations out there. You got concussed titan uses quarterstaffs. My current build uses maces early on into totems.
[07:05:26] then immensely war cries i don't have a guide for the leveling though or do i or not update that anyway 13 items identified let's see here it's decent oh that thing's good pretty good one point off here 10 chance days hit ow i'll play concussive titan that jewel is
[07:09:44] yeah bowerbear is very much still variable yep i even made some updates to it uh recently i should probably remove that text honestly as much as it informs people the video is a tiny bit outdated right the video is outdated but the actual guide itself so i don't need that it's good to be it's good to inform people the problem is like most people don't understand what that means you know yeah very good there's several people playing it in chat and stuff
[07:10:36] before i chat i'm in a position where i can make like a day day three kind of update video for this oh that is the boss yeah once i equip this weapon damn the totems have been destroying i'm wondering if i should swap out oh swap out some uh my scepters though put a shield here and then and have like a mace here with levels for my war cries i'm wondering it could be good
[07:13:28] The problem is I lose out on two totems though. Maybe I have enough totems already. My damage is insane. These are low tier maps though. Oh, thank you so much for the prime. Appreciate it. Oh, you can take the jewel socket. Going for something else. Ah, yes. Oh, wait. No, I need to do that ritual. Where is it? Eh, fuck this map. I failed to join instance. See you now, Chris. Okay. I got work tomorrow, but...
[07:14:54] i'll try and update the guide eventually but you can just follow my character you know i'm people ninja or check out my what i did in my stream right i one i would want to say one thing frizz is that there's a bug right this bug right now where i use fortifying cry okay actually how i okay well you see when i summon my totem you see how like it does the same animation
[07:15:22] as fortifying cry right it like pulls in the air it's hard to explain but you see how it has like that little effect right it's not supposed to do that i have no idea why it's doing that it's not supposed to it doesn't do that with other war cries it only does it with this one if i use fortifying cry enough i take out these two i keep spamming this and then start something you see how it like it starts creating an even bigger effect like every time i use this war cry
[07:15:58] It causes a bigger and bigger effect. You can look at my FPS at the top of my screen. It starts like... It's super weird. It's like a... It's weird. It's a weird bug. But once you put in Echo and Cry, you're only using this War Cry like every four seconds, give or take. So it doesn't really get that bad. And it resets every time you go to a new zone. But just beware, right? It will lose some FPS.
[07:16:33] unfortunately it's only fortifying cry all the other war cries i i have no idea why it does that it's just the weirdest interaction ever no that's not what i wanted to do minus one belt uh so blood of the warrior is terrible you i would not recommend that one because it blood of the warrior gives you very little life regen for your flasks okay hmm no i wouldn't use blood of the warrior it doesn't really do anything for the build
[07:18:23] And as for Shiabia, Shiabia is good. It's actually used in the very uber endgame. You're actually using Shibia. Because you... Well, the only reason I added there is because it just makes that the totem that you put down to break armor faster. That's the only reason, though. The mace doesn't really matter much. But I do recommend it. And Shibia is really good early, too. No, the uber endgame. So the actual endgame endgame. I recommend that weapon.
[07:19:39] The reason it's not in the end game is because you want a weapon for Forge Hammer. Because Forge Hammer is a much stronger fissure than Fury of the Mountain. You can hold on to it, right? As long as it's better than whatever...
