[08:00:18] it's ignite duration that's freeze duration increase momentum is good this is good herbalism oh my god you 100 i don't think this works at all i just do what 84 well all right we're just gonna go one-blooded i guess what's the shock what is it less shock patient losing these two are gonna suck with it we should get the total every time 80 increased armor 40 increase block nice
[08:08:46] What's its name? Tony. Tony the turtle. Sea turtle. I think it's sea turtle-y. I'm late. Dinner soon. I think the chicken I had, like, out in my backpack just over the night didn't spoil. Not good. Technically, not bad. All flat damage. I think I have enough alchemists to keep doing. Is that a maximum chance to block? Is that a thing? No, play resistance.
[08:13:28] what's it going for now all right i'm going for that last time action rage is not bad this is what six eight 14 more damage oh oh it's still for 10x i should have expensive damn let's go down here that could have been bad i don't know what's just happened but i i stunned frozen uh basically yeah as juice kind of
[08:15:51] But I had, I already had like ideas of how stuff worked. I already had like, I wanted to use this incestive warrior totems with war prize. So I knew there was going to be a synergy there. I had an initial plan. But not like, oh my god, holy shit. What's that? Oh, I didn't take damage. I didn't actually take damage. I just got this shrine, which increased my HP. So it looked like I lost HP, but I just gained HP. It always spooks me.
[08:16:52] so basically i spam i have scepters in my hands have spirit and that's how you can summon totems or spirit you have the more totems you can have and each totem has earth shatter in it which is like these little spikes that it puts down i detonate those spikes with my war cries my war cries also explode corpses heal me give me some defense try corrupt the blood
[08:17:23] And apply critical weakness, which is basically more crit to my totems. Just increase the damage of my totems. Combo between totems and war cries. I should probably finish the tools. Pretty much tazus. The total, the actual minions, the little spirits to summon, they do nothing. They don't actually do anything. They're just like cosmetic. They buff as well. They're more like supports. The east totem summons them as like a part of my ascendancy, but they're not actually doing any damage.
[08:19:18] attack there's like two spirits there's one that you know the animals and there's one like dude that uses my face skill but still more stuff left
