[08:19:56] Still more stuff left Ideally, I want to get this to power where I can just like walk around and this one war cry just bleeds everything to death You've seen the other build right or like clearing most things Totems is like bosses and tons of enemies still have only 15 awkward immersion I did all this useless to me take it as expected that cleared immediately, but I guess I get just there's more more Mars per
[08:24:05] Why reroll? Is Balrog War bad? I never rerolled. This was the build I played from the start. This season. I haven't played Balrog Bear since. I guess I played Titan version of Balrog Bear last season. I didn't reroll, but I didn't finish, I guess. Because I had other builds I wanted to do. I usually don't play the same build twice. Unless I'm doing a new version of it. Completely new build.
[08:25:55] Oh, no, it's not. Well, in a way it is, I guess. I want to do these shrines. What are they? Oh, I didn't see your message, Reaper. Sorry. All right. I might stream the week during the weekend. The week. I'm not sure about it yet. Probably. Probably do, you know, streams after eating. I don't have any plans. Have a good one. I got the explosions from the war part. I actually like doing a lot of work.
[08:28:32] they're like clear by themselves like do they they're just gonna go these are our supplies as expected i need to just do the higher tier maps at this point honestly i just need to do two fixes it's a bit scared regular last map of the road oh chill ground i don't know if i should even do these like i guess it's cool to kill lots of them i need to like invest into ritual yeah honestly that's what i should do i should be doing level up
[08:33:34] should i be picking up i think i think once i get like tier 5 and up tiered loot to pick it up but i feel like bears can go for pretty penny hc so little players here bots oh serve shards huh you don't get it i need to get where's my cool little you didn't have to be that high high level just i level 70. where are my omens i guess i am getting omens where's my good omens
[08:36:26] One max life. It's not missing out on the res, eh? I have a lot of res, I guess. Where do I get that res from? 100 life. 2,000, I mean. I need more crit chance. I need to go down here and get these. I actually go for both these. Ideally, I want them both global, right? Strength. All right, but that's going to be me for today. Thank you. Good. I'm going to have work tomorrow. And a... That's hello.
[08:39:15] hey see you guys probably tomorrow for you know shorter streams but the progress continues still alive hc level 74 i'm genuinely impressed we came this far i was feeling pretty good oh my gosh you actually have to do this for damn you have to do this for the challenge i had no idea what is this
